Who gave their name to Normandy in the 10th and 11th centuries?
What is Normandy a region of?
Who did King Charles III swear fealty to?
When did the Normans identity emerge?
What type of major impact did the Norman dynasty have on modern Europe?
What was Normans known for?
Who assimilted the Normans language?
What year was the Duchy of Normandy formed?
What principality did Norman the conquerer found?
In what century was the English word Normans used for Normans?
In what century was the English word Normans used for Normans?
when did Norse encampments olve into destructive incursions?
What treaty was established in what year?
Who established a treaty with King Charles III of West Francia?
What did the French promises to protect Rollo and his men from?
When did Rollo begin to arrive in Normandy?
What Viking groups were conquered by Rollo?
What did the Vikings and Frankish wives do with the Norse religion?
What did the Vikings and Frankish wives do with the Norse religion?
What was the Frankish word for the Norse language?
Who adopted the feudal doctrines of the Normans?
In what year did Normandy cease to have fighting horsemen?
Who's arristocracy eventually served as avid Crusaders?
Who entered Italy soon after the Byzantine Empire?
Who did the Normans fight in Italy?
Who did the Normans encourage to come to the south?
During what campaign did the Normans and Lombard fight?
Who was the first Norman mercenary to serve with the Normans?
When did Hervé become a Byzantine general?
Who blocked Roussel de Bailleul plans for an independent state?
When did Robert Crispin go up against the Turks?
Some Normans joined Turkish forces to aid in the destruction of the Armenians vass
Who did the Turks take up service with?
What was Oursel's main force?
What was Oursel's role in the force?
Where were several Norman mercenary familes originate from?
Who did the Normans serve under in the 10th century?
When did the Maniakates arrive in Sicily?
Who successfully drove the Byzantines out of Europe?
What pope opposed Robert's campaign?
What fell to the Normans in the 10th century?
How many men did Robert Guiscard's army face?
When did the Normans arrive in Valona?
When did the Normans arrive in Valona?
When did the Normans arrive in Valona?
Who attacked Dyrrachium in 1185?
Who betrayed the Normans?
What naval base fell to the Normans?
Who married Emma?
When did Ethelred flee to Normandy?
Who's major ports were controlled by the Normans?
When did Edward the Confessor return from his father's refuge?
In what year did Edward the Confessor return to England?
When did Edward the Confessor return to his father's house?
When did King Harold II conquer England?
In what year did Duke William II of Normandy conquer England?
Who replaced the Normans as the ruling class?
What did the Norman kings of England call France?
Who identified themselves as English during the Hundred Years War?
What was absorbed into the Anglo-Norman language?
Who made fun of the Latin language?
Where did the Normans invade in the 11th century?
Who did the Normans have a profound effect on?
What castles were built by the Normans?
Who did the King of Scotland marry?
Who invaded Scotland in the 10th century?
Who did the Scottish king take hostage?
Who did King David I of Scotland Marry?
What did King David I of Scotland introduce to Scotland?
Who came into contact with Wales after the conquest of England?
Who made Ralph Earl?
What came under Williams dominace before the conquest?
What Welsh lords did William conquer?
When did the Normans carve out a Norman principality?
What did the Normans take part in in in the 10th century?
Who carved out a state for himself from Moorish lands?
What war occured in the 10th century?
When did Bohemond lay siege to Antioch?
What was the name of Tancred's nephew?
Who defeated Western European forces during the Third Crusade?
Who dominated Western Europe for 380 years?
Who left Messina in the 11th century?
What year did Richards fleet leave a storm?
Who ruled Cyprus in the 11th century?
Who's chains were made out of?
Who led Issacs troops to Cyprus?
Who offered Issac his daughter?
Who conquered the Canary Island in the 14th century?
What Islands are of the coast of Africa?
What title did Henry III take in the Canary Island?
Who sold the rights to the island in what year?
When was the customary law of Normandy developed?
What law has two customeries?
What was authored in the 12th century?
What type of arch did the Normans invent?
What precedes the period of Norman architecture?
What architecture type came after the Anglo-Saxon?
Who incorporated Islamic, LOmbard, and Byzantine building techniques in England?
What kind of art did the Normans have a rich tradition of?
Who began a program of church reform in the early 11th century?
Who was divided by the church?
Who experienced aa golden age in the 1100s and 1200s?
What wars did France fight in the 18th?
What revolution was fought in the 18th?
What is the oldest work of Norman art?
Who commissioned Odo to create the Bayeux Tapestry?
What is Norman art primarily made of?
What is the most common form of Norman art in churches?
What was a centre of ivorywork in the 11th century?
What developed in Normandy during the 11th century?
What was La Trinité-du-Mont the center of?
Who fled from southern Italy?
What is computational complexity principle?
Computational complexity theory is a branch of what?
Computational complexity theory is a branch of what?
What cannot be solved by mechanical application of mathematical steps?
What is a manual application of mathematical steps?
What kind of problem is a problem considered inherently difficult if its solution requires significant resources?
What does the theory formalize?
What does the theory formalize?
What is another term for a number of gates in a circuit?
What is another term for the number of gates in a circuit?
What are two fields of theoretical computer science that closely mirror computational complexity theory?
What is the key distinction between analysis of algorithms and computational complexity theory?
What is the process of analyzing the amount of resources needed by a particular algorithm to solve
What is the process that asks a more specific question about all possible algorithms that could be
What process classifies problems that can and cannot be solved with approximately unlimited resources?
A computational problem can be viewed as an infinite collection of what?
What is the name given to the input string of a computational solution?
What term refers to the concrete question to be solved?
What is the output corresponding to the given question?
What is a particular measure input associated with the a theory?
What is the approximate distance of Germany's 15 largest cities?
What is the quantitative answer to this particular problem instance?
What is one example of an instance that the quantitative answer to the traveling salesman fails to
What does computational simplicity theory most specifically seek to answer?
What is a string over a Greek number when considering a computational problem?
What is the name of the alphabet that is often used in a problem instance?
What is another term for the the string of a problem question?
What is represented by binary notation in the encoding of mathematical objects?
How can graphs be encoded indirectly?
What are some of the central objects of computational complexity theory?
A decision problem is a kind of what?
A decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no
A decision problem is a kind of what?
A decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no
What type of graph is an example of an output used in a decision problem?
What is the term for the set of all connected graphs related to this decision problem?
What encoding decision needs to be made in order to determine an accurate definition of the formal
How does one obtain an exact definition of this language?
What is a computational solution where a single input is expected for every input?
What is expected where a computational problem offers multiple outputs are expected for every input?
What is a function solution an example of?
What are other examples of a function problem>
Is the output of a functional solution typically characterized by a simple or complex answer?
What can be restated as decision problems?
What is the expression set called where two integers are multiplied?
What corresponds to solving the problem of multiplying three numbers/
What is the difficulty of solving a computational problem?
What is one variable which the running of time be contingent?
How is the time needed to obtain the question to a problem calculated?
What is  interested in how algorithms scale with a increase in the input size?
What factor determines the time required to solve a problem?
How is time taken expressed as a function of n?
Whose hypothesis states the the solution to a problem is solvable with reasonable resources assuming
What term corresponds to the maximum measurement of the time across all functions of n?
What is T(n) defined as the maximum time taken over all inputs?
What is the term given to the corresponding algorithm assuming that T represents a polynomial
What is a Turing machine?
What is a Turing machine?
What are intended as a practical computing technology?
What is a Turing machine?
A deterministic Turing machine uses what kind of rules to determine its future actions?
A deterministic Turing machine has an extra supply of what?
What does often help algorithms solve problems more efficiently?
What is a deterministic Turing machine?
How is one way that one should view non-determinism?
What are many types of Turing machines used for?
What are three factors that directly effect how powerful a Turing machine may or may be?
What machines are equally powerful in principle?
What may be more powerful than others when the resources of time or space of considered?
What is an example of a machine model that deviates from a generally accepted multi-
What measurement is affected by conversion between machine models?
What two resources are often consumed by alternate models and are typically known to vary?
What do all these models have in common?
What is easier to analyze in terms of more unusual resources?
What type of machine is a computational model that is allowed to branch out to check many
What has a lot to do with how we physically want to compute algorithms?
What machine's branching does exactly capture many of the mathematical models we want to analyze?
What is the most critical resource in the analysis of computational problems associated with non-d
A deterministic Turing machine can be used to solve a problem using a given amount of
A Turing machine M can operate within what time?
A Turing machine M is said to operate within time f(n)?
A deterministic Turing machine can be used to solve a problem using a given amount of
A decision problem A can be solved in time f(n) if there exists a
What can be made for space requirements?
What are the least well known complexity resources?
How are complexity measures generally defined?
What are other complexity measures not used in complexity theory?
What type of measure is communication complexity an example of?
What are the three secondary expressions used to represent case complexity? 
How many different ways are used to measure space complexity?
What is one common example of a critical complexity measure?
What differing variable remains the same size when providing the four likelihoods of case complexities?
What does solve the problem of sorting a list of integers that is given as the input
What does the deterministic sorting algorithm quicksort do?
What is the worst case for sorting a list of integers?
What is the expression used to denote worst case complexity as expressed by time taken?
What case complexity is represented when each pivoting divides the list in half, also needing
What does a lower bound on the time complexity of a computer need to show?
What is usually taken as the best case complexity, unless specified otherwise?
What field is used in analyzing a particular algorithm?
To show a lower bound T(n) on time complexity, one needs to show
To show a lower bound on T(n) does one need to show that there
What is usually stated using the big O notation?
What does not hide constant factors or smaller terms?
What makes the bounds dependent of the specific details of the computational model?
How would one abbreviate T(n)=8n2 + 15n = 40
What fits the framework of complexity classes?
What has complex definitions that prevent classification into a framework?
What are complexity classes generally classified into?
What variable is hard to establish in a framework for complexity classes?
What type of function is f(n)?
What type of function is f(n)?
A deterministic Turing machine can be solved in what manner?
A deterministic Turing machine can be solved in what manner?
What does the Cobham-Edmonds claim is true of?
What cannot be defined by bounding the time or space used the the algorithm?
What are three examples of measurement that are bound within algorithms to establish complexity classes?
What function is used by algorithms to define measurements like time and numbers?
What is often used by algorithms to measure bounding of space and atmosphere measurements?
What is the main complexity class?
What is BPP, ZPP and RP defined using?
What is the main complexity class?
What is most important complexity class of counting problems?
What system often define classes like IP and AM/
Relaxing the requirements on (say) computation time is what for complexity classes?
Does relaxing the requirements on (say) computation time mean a bigger set of problems?
DTIME(n) is contained in what?
What are the two main concerns for complexity classes?
What kind of statement is made in an effort of establishing the time and space requirements needed
What does form the basis for most separation results of complexity classes?
What does the past time and space hierarchy theorems form the basis of?
What is strictly contained in EXPTIME?
What is not strictly contained in PSPACE?
What are many complexity classes defined by?
What is defined by using the theorem of reduction?
What is a transformation of one problems into on two problems?
What captures the formal notion of a problem being at lease as difficult as another problem?
What are some different types of reduction?
What is the most used type of reduction?
What is the meaning of polynomial-space reduction?
What can the problem of dividing an integer be reduced to?
What does one need to remain constant in a multiplication algorithm to produce the same outcome whether
What is more difficult that multiplication?
What does the complexity of problems often depend on?
What would create a conflict between a problem X and problem C within the context of reduction
What problem in C is harder than X?
How is a problem set that is hard for expression NP be stated?
What happens if a problem X is in C, and hard for C?
If a problem X is in C and hard for C, then it is said to
What is class contains the the most difficult problems in NP?
What is the only known polynomial-time solution for Π1?
What is often seen as a mathematical abstraction modeling those computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm
What is the complexity class P often seen as?
What is another complexity class that people would like to solve efficiently?
What is another complexity class that people would like to solve efficiently?
What,theoretical machine confirmed that a problem in P belies membership in the
Whether P equals NP is one of the most important open questions in theoretical computer science?
If the answer is yes, many important problems can be shown to have more efficient solutions
What type of problems are there in operations research?
What problem was proposed by the Clay Mathematics Institute at the Millennium Prize Problems?
What was the prize for finding a solution to P=NP at the Millennium Prize Problems
Who showed that if P=NQ then there exists problems in NP that are neither
What is the name a a problem that meets Ladder's assertion?
What is example of an NP-intermediate problem not known to exist in P or
What are four examples of problems believed to be NP=intermediate?
What is the computational problem of determining two finite graphs are isomorphic?
What is the problem attributed to defining if two finite graphs are isomorphic?
Whether the graph isomorphism problem is in P, NP-complete or NP-
What does the polynomial hierarchy collapse to?
What would the polynomial hierarchy collapse if graph isomorphism is NP-complete
What is the integer factorization problem?
What computational problem is commonly associated with prime factorization?
What problem is phrased on deciding whether the input has a factor less than k?
What problem would have polynomial time hierarchy that would collapse to its first level?
What is the best known algorithm for integer factorization?
What is the proven assumption generally ascribed to the value of complexity classes?
What is an expression that caan be used to illustrate the alleged inequality of complexity
Where can complexity classes RPP, BPP, PPP, PP, BQ
What is possible for the complexity classes RP, BPP, PP, BQP
What would be a major breakthrough in complexity theory?
What complexity class do incompatible problems of NP problems exist?
How do the yes/no answers of an incompatible problem of of APPEAR?
What is commonly believed to be the value relationship between P and co-NP?
What implication can be derived for P and NP is P and co-NP are established
What variable is associated with all problems solved within logarithmic space?
What are the most commonly ascribed attributes of L in relation to P?
What does lie between L and P that allows a definitive determination of the relationship between L
What are three complexity classes between L and P?
What is known about the complexity between L and P that prevents determining the value between L
What are problems that cannot be solved in theory, but which in practice take too long
When are problems that have polynomial-tome solutions in complexity theory?
The Cobham-Edmonds thesis states that only those problems that can be solved in
When would a program be useful for very small instances and in that sense the intract
A polynomial time algorithm is not always practical because it is what?
A decision problem in Presburger arithmetic has been shown to be in what?
What has been done to establish solutions in reasonable period of time?
What can solve the NP-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes
What kind of problem can algorithms solve?
What were laid out by various companies?
What tactic did companies employ to offset the former deficit of work surrounding the complexity of algorith
Who was the most influential researcher working on the complexity posed by algorithmic problems?
What device did Alan Turing invent in 1936?
What was the Turning calculator a robust and flexible simplification of?
When did the seminal paper "On the Computational Complexity of Algorithms"
When did the seminal paper "On the Computational Complexity of Algorithms"
In what year did a seminal paper come out about computational complexity?
In what year was the seminal paper "On the Computational Complexity of Algorith
When did John Myhill write his definition of linear bounded automata?
When did John Myhill write his definition of linear bounded automata?
When did John Myhill write his definition of linear bounded automata?
When did John Myhill write his definition of linear bounded automata?
Who was pioneer and studied specific complexity measure in 1948?
What can be achieved by ensuring different representations can transformed into each other efficiently?
What is the abstract choice typically assumed by most complexity-theoretic theorems
What does not regularly use input coding as its concrete choice?
What choice is typically left dependent in an effort to maintain a level of abstraction?
In what year was the axiomatic complexity theory developed?
In what year was the so-called, speed-up theorem discovered?
In what year did the field start to expand?
Who wrote the paper "Reducibility Among Combinatorial Problems" in what year
What book featured 21 diverse comninatorial and graph theoretical problems each famous for its
How many counties are there in the Southern California region?
Which counties are used for the 10-county definition?
How many counties are in the Southern part of California?
What is one of the 11 megaregions in the United States?
Where does the 8 county megaregion extend from?
What is Las Vegas one of in the United States?
What percent of California's 22 million people live in southern California?
What does the Los Angeles metropolitan area stand for?
How many people live in the Los Angeles metropolitan area?
Approximately how many people live in southern California?
What desert is to the east near Arizona?
What desert is to the east near Nevada?
What direction is the Colorado-Mexico border?
What are two of the three major cities located in southern California?
What city has a population of 3,792,261?
What city has a population of 1,307,402?
What second most populous city is north of Los Angeles?
What are the five most populous counties in the United States?
How many populous counties are in the United States?
What county are Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, San Bernardino, and Riverside located
What company owns ABC?
What three industries are centered in Hollywood?
Where is Los Angeles a district of?
What major companies are headquartered in Los Angeles? 
What two things that make up the surf culture of Southern California?
What professional snowboarder is located in southern California?
What two things that make up the surf culture of Southern California?
Where do the surf spots in southern California rank second to Oahu in popularity?
What was held at the San Diego Yacht Club from 1988 to 1995?
Who visits Palm Springs for the beaches?
What is the desert of southern California popular for?
Which coast is the desert on?
At what latitude does California's north-south midway point lie?
What is the approximate distance from San Jose?
In what direction does the county lines come from?
What is the northern boundary of southern California?
What was the time when Mexico ruled southern California?
Who were there disputes between when Mexico ruled California?
What was the approximate distance between Alabama and the United States?
What was passed in what year?
Who attempted to achieve a separate statehood in 1805?
What was passed in 1859?
Who was the governor of California in 1859?
In what year did Abraham Lincoln become President?
What was the strong advocate of the separation between Northern California and the United States?
How did the Los Angeles Times define southern California in 1900?
What did the Los Angeles Times add to the definition of southern California in 1900?
What did the California Times define twice?
What do the two AAA Auto Clubs of California want to simplify?
What do the two AAA Auto Clubs of California want to simplify?
What type of phrase is South of the Tehachapis?
What region of California is most commonly divided?
What is the name of the megalopolis in the United States?
What are the three main cities of Southern California?
What is the international metropolitan region of Baja California?
What was developed in the 1980s and 1990s?
What counties to most people commute to?
What formed in the Antelope Valley north of Los Angeles?
What was high in the Bakersfield-Kern County areas in the 1980s
What type of climate does California have?
Where are summer temperature ranges 70-50s?
Where are winter temperature ranges 90-60s?
What is rare on the Southeast of the state?
What types of collections does Southern California have?
What kind of terrain is found in the region of Southern California?
What kind of terrain is found in the region of Southern California?
What area has the most diversity of anywhere in the country?
How many people were injured in the 1994 Northridge earthquake?
How many people were injured in the 1994 Northridge earthquake?
How many earthquakes does the state of California have each year?
How many earthquakes were greater than magnitude 4.0?
What fault can produce a magnitude 8.7 event?
What faults other than the San Andreas can produce a magnitude 8.0 event? 
What did the UGSS release?
What does the UGSS California Earthquake forecast model?
What are regions anchored by that are recognized globally?
What are the globally recognized anchor cities known for?
How is California divided?
What is the population of southern California as of 2010?
What was the percentage increase in the state's growth rate in the 2000s?
What was the percentage increase in the state's growth rate in the 2000s?
What was the percentage increase in the state's growth rate in the 2000s?
How many metropolitan areas does Southern California contain?
How many metropolitan areas does Southern California contain?
How many people live in the Greater Los Angeles Area?
How many people live in the Greater Los Angeles Area?
What areas are north of Greater Los Angeles?
What is the population of Los Angeles and San Diego?
What is the population of two cities in southern California?
What is the population of Los Angeles and San Diego?
What is the population of Los Angeles and San Diego?
What is the population of Los Angeles and San Diego?
Who does the largest economy in the United States belong to?
What took place during the housing bubble 2001-2007?
What percentage of transportation in Southern California is powered by petroleum?
Where is southern California located?
What have been major industries since 1920s?
What were major industries until suburbs were turned into farmlands?
What is a major factor even with aerospace cutbacks?
What year were farmlands turned into suburbs?
What does CDB stand for?
What does CDB include?
What does DCB stand for?
What business districts are within the downtown Los Angeles area?
What main business district is in downtown Los Angeles itself?
What additional business districts are in downtown Los Angeles itself?
What business districts does the San Bernardino area maintain?
What business districts does the San Bernardino-Riverside area maintain?
What county does the rapidly developing downtown Santa Ana include?
What districts does downtown Santa Ana include?
What locations are headquartered at the California University at Irvine?
What includes Irvine Center Tech and Business Jamboree Parks?
What is the central business district of downtown San Diego?
What are located in central downtown San Diego?
What business districts are located in Northern downtown San Diego?
What is the industry of Los Angeles International Airport?
What is the industry of Los Angeles International Airport?
What is the industry of Los Angeles International Airport?
What is the industry of Los Angeles International Airport?
Where do six lines of Metrolink run out of?
What is the name of the Metrolink rail system?
What counties are connected to Los Angeles, Ventura, and San Bernardino by one line?
What is home to Southern California?
What is the busiest container port in the United States?
What is the Port of Los Angeles adjacent to?
What is the United State's second-busiest commercial port?
How many University of California campuses are located in the region?
How many University of California campuses are located in the region?
How many California State University campuses are partially funded?
Who is the focus of the Tech Coast?
Who is the focus of the Tech Coast?
What NLF teams are from Southern California?
What NAB teams are from Southern California?
What MBL teams are from Southern California?
What NLH teams are from Southern California?
What MSL team is from Southern California?
How many Major Soccer League teams were in Los Angeles from 2005-2014?
What Major Soccer League teams played in Los Angeles in 2014?
When were the Chivas suspended?
When is a second MSL team scheduled to return?
What is the ULCA mascot?
What is the UCS mascot?
What conference are both ULCA and UCS part of?
What sport is growing in all California schools?
What company was angry about the merger of Sky Television and British Satellite Broadcasting?
Who is the UK's largest digital subscription television company?
What year did BSkyB take Sky Italia?
When did BSkyB become the largest digital television company?
What company no longer trades as Sky?
Which company had a short legal battle with the European Commission?
How many Premier League packages did Setanta Sports get?
Sky acquired how many packages?
How much did Sky bid to win the 4 broadcast packages?
What channel was dropped from Sky?
What consortium was BSkyB included with?
What was Sky Travel later rebranded as?
What channel came before Sky Travel?
Who did BSkyB team up with because it was part of the consortium?
What channel was never rebranded?
What service did BSkyB give away for free unconditionally?
When did Sky launch a TV advertising campaign target towards men?
What is required by customers to get Sky+ functions if they do not subscribe to B
When did BSkyB upgrade the Sky+ Box?
What replaced the Sky+HD Box?
What kind of system does BSkyB use?
Whose digital receivers are only built by one manufacturer?
What is available as stand-alone DVB CAMs?
What company was involved with NDS?
What is the name brand of the video recorder that BSkyB has sold?
What year did BSkyB and Virgin Media have an agreement over the carriage of Sky
What channels were always available on the network?
What additional service did BSkyB offer besides HD channels that they claimed offered some value
What did BSkyB claim to have more value for?
When were basic channels first introduced by BSkyB?
When did the English High Court of Justice find that Microsoft’s use of the
When did Microsoft decide to appeal the ruling?
What did Microsoft announce that it would rename SkyDrive to?
What did Microsoft announce that it would rename OneDrive for Business to?
When did Microsoft announce OneDrive will soon become SkyDrive?
What platform helped BSkyB to avoid ending their analogue service?
How many channels did the Sky Multichannels package contain?
How many subscribers took advantage of the Sky Multichannels package?
Who commended the operations in front of the Select Committee on National Heritage?
Which company never expanded their platform?
Sky UK Limited is now known by what name?
What has Sky UK Limited been involved with?
How many customers did Sky UK Limited gain as a pay-TV broadcaster as of 2015
What was the UK's most popular TV service in 2015?
Where did the headquarters relocate from?
How many set top boxes does the Sky Q range contain?
What are the Sky Q mini set top boxes able to connect to?
What does setting different Sky Q boxes enable them to do?
What set top box can no longer display UHD broadcasts?
What box is required to view MPEG-4?
What is the proprietary system that Sky+HD can use?
What channel has used looping video streams?
What kind of soundtracks are mandatory with the Sky Movies and Sky Box Office channels?
In what year was the Astra 2A satellite launched?
What satellite made it possible for Sky Digital to launch an all new digital service?
How many television and radio channels did the digital service get rid of?
In what year was the Astra 2A satellite launched?
When did BSkyB launch launching it's HDTV service?
Which manufacturer had supply issues when dealing with BSkyB?
How many people registered to receive the HD service prior to launch?
Who reported that 17,000 customers received the service due to failed deliveries?
When did Sky announce the total number of homes with Sky+HD was 4,222
When did BSkyB announce it's intention to improve it's free-to-
When did Setanta Sports say it would launch as a free service on the digital terrestrial
What platform was BSkyB planning to launch on?
What was Virgin Media rebranded as?
What channel lost advertising revenue due to their plans?
What is another name for free to air broadcasts that don't require a monthly subscription?
What does a receiver have to be equipped with to view encrypted content?
Digital receivers can receive what kind of channel?
What service is a VideoGuard UK equipped receiver never able to decrypt?
What kind of band is used in the LNB?
What company was concerned about retaining new rights?
How much did BSkyB pay to give up their rights for Premier League?
Who saw highlights of most of the matches?
Who were the rights holders for the Premier League?
What does BSkyB have no veto over?
What does BSkyB have no veto over?
What does BSkyB have no veto over?
How much is the fee for BSkyB's channels to access the satellite?
When was BSkyB's digital service launched?
What division of Sky Digital did BSkyB compete with?
Within 30 days how many digiboxes had been discarded?
When did BSkyB decide to stop giving away free digiboxes?
When was NTL:Telewest rebranded from Virgin Media?
What did Virgin Media do while offering linear channels?
What was the one linear SD channel Virgin Media carried from November 2006 to July 2009?
What channel never had an HD version?
How many homes had BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service available to
What percentage of households in the UK had BSkyB's satellite service?
How many people watched BSkyB's satellite service in the UK?
How many homes did BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service reach in
What did Alec Shelbrooke propose payments of benefits would be made on?
What could the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program sell?
What did the UK parliament decide that a subscription to BSkyB was?
What did the benefits agency think sports channels on a TV bill were ignored?
What was the UK governments benefits agency checking in 2012?
What were the weekly carriage fees for the channels?
What company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with BSkyB?
What were court proceedings being held about?
Which companies agreed to terminate their court proceedings against each other?
Which company still offers Video On Demand and HD?
Service sectors include financial and property services, health, education, and what?
What is Victoria's total state product per capita?
What is Victoria's gross state product per capita?
What is the culture of Melbourne that is internationally known as?
How many public universities are in Melbourne?
Where is the Chinese gold miners strongest in Victoria?
What was not seen at the Lambing Flat riots?
Where was the 1857 gold rush?
What year was a typhoid outbreak at Buckland Valley?
What year was a typhoid outbreak at Buckland Valley?
How many electorates does the State of Victoria have?
How many representatives does each state have?
How often are elections held by lower house members?
In what month does the Victorian Parliament register voters?
What political party is strongest in Melbourne's rural areas?
What party is strongest in Melbourne's financial district?
Which party is strongest in Victoria's lower house?
What party formed in 2014?
What party is favored in Victoria and Southern Victoria?
What percentage of Victorians are Christian?
What percentage of the Victorian population is Catholic?
What religion are most of the lower class in Victoria?
How many Victorians have a Buddha statue?
How many Victorians are Christian?
Where in Australia is Victoria located?
How does Victoria rank as to population?
How populous is Victoria compared to other Australian states?
What city is the capital of Australia?
 Compared to other Australian cities, what is the size of Melbourne?
What is the Aboriginal peoples of Victoria?
When did Great Britain buy Australia?
Where were the Koori first set to be located in Australia?
In what year did the first settlement occur in the Port Phillip District?
In what year did the first settlement occur in the Port Phillip District?
How many square kilometres of Victorian farmland are sown for grain?
What percentage of farmland grows beans?
How much of Victoria's farmland is sold domestically?
How much of Victoria produced Australian peaches?
How many tonnes of potatoes does Victoria produce?
When was the Victoria Constitution Act 1855 enacted?
When was the Victoria Constitution Act 1855 enacted?
What must be the absolute majority in both houses of the Victorian Constitution?
What must be the absolute majority in both houses of the Victorian Constitution?
When was the Victoria Constitution Act 1855 enacted?
The Mallee and upper Wimmera are what in Victoria?
During the summer and winter season, how many °F is the average temperature in Victoria
During the summer and winter season, how many °F is the average temperature in Victoria
What year was Victoria's highest temperature ever recorded?
What year was Victoria's highest temperature ever recorded?
What are public schools also known as?
What are public schools also known as?
In Victorian schools, students are not required to pay tuition in what manner?
What kind of schools are run by the Roman Catholic Church?
What must all schools follow in Victorian schools?
What year did Toyota announce it would no longer be a base for its manufacturing plants?
What year did Toyota announce it would no longer be a manufacturing base for the entire auto
When did Ford announce that it will close its Victoria plant?
When will Ford start building electric cars?
What year did Toyota announce it would no longer be a base for its manufacturing plants?
How high are Victoria's river regions?
What is the snowiest peak in Victoria?
How high is Victoria's Mount Bogong? 
What is the Victoria state fish?
What is the Victoria state color?
Where is the lowest section of Victoria?
What part of the Great Dividing Range is located in Victoria?
The Alps are part of the Great Dividing Range mountain system which extends east-
What is the average temperature in the Victorian Alps in winter?
What is the lowest recorded wind chill in Victoria?
Along with private and public railway operators, who operate what?
Which rail line operates Around the island?
What entity is sponsored by V/Line in the Olympics?
What operator transports cargo in Melbourne?
What operator is in mainland Australia?
How many seats does Victoria have in the House of Representatives?
How many seats does Victoria have in the Senate?
What is the lower level of a the Australian House of Representatives called?
What is the upper level of the Australian House of Representatives called?
Who is the current President of Victoria?
When were writs issued for the new Colony of Victoria?
When were writs issued for the new Colony of Victoria?
What year did gold rush in Victoria?
What was the population of Victoria in ten years?
In the decade 1851-1860, what fraction of the world's output was
By August 2010 how many public schools did Victoria have?
How many Catholic schools got government assistance?
How many students were enrolled in public schools outside Victoria?
How many full time janitors does Victoria have?
What percentage of private school students go to Catholic schools?
What state in Australia invented dairy farming?
How many dairy cows are there in Australia?
How many dairy cows are there in Victoria?
How many dairy cows are there in Victoria?
To where is most of the milk and beef from Victoria exported to?
What is the average diameter of Victorian lines?
How many branch lines in the west of Queensland have been converted to standard gauge?
What is the size of the tourist railways?
What is the size of the tourist railways?
What is the size of the tourist railways?
In what year was Australia founded?
In what year was Australia founded?
In what year was Australia founded?
Who feared that the French might establish their own settlement?
When was there a armed protest at Ballarat about mining taxes?
What armed group stopped the colonial authorities at Ballarat?
What did colonial authorities reduce because of the Colony of Victoria Act of 1855?
What did some leaders of the Eureka rebellion become?
Who protested against Parliament taxes?
What does the Premier need to lead in the Legislative Assembly?
Who sets the legislative agenda in Victoria?
Who can be in the Victorian legislature?
Who is the current Premier of Victoria?
How are Victorian cabinet members chosen?
What was the value of Victorian agricultural production in 2003-04?
What was the value of Victorian agricultural production in 2003-04?
How many farms occupied a square km of Victorian land in 2004?
How many farms occupied a square km of Victorian land in 2004?
How much percentage of Victoria's land is taken up by consumable crops?
What part does tourism play in Victoria's economy play?
Besides cultural events, what other television programs does Victoria have?
What is the popularity of the V8 Supercars?
What is the popularity of the V8 Supercars?
What is the popularity of the V8 Supercars?
How many Huguenot numbers peaked in 1562?
How many Huguenot numbers peaked in 1562?
How many Huguenot numbers peaked in 1562?
How many Huguenot numbers peaked in 1562?
How many Huguenot numbers peaked in 1562?
In what year was Swiss politician Besançon Hugues born?
What does Huisgenoten translate to in France?
Which city was John Calvin born in?
What religion was Huguenot?
In what year did Huguenot gain influence?
In what year did the Protestant Reformation arrive in France?
In what vernacular languages was the Bible used by the Reformed church in France
When was the French version of the Scriptures made?
Where was the Roman Catholic Priest Guyard de Moulin from?
Where was Jean de Rély from?
What was the result in Montpellier of the Edict of Ales in 15
What does "villes de sûreté" translate to in English?
How many "villes de sûreté" were granted to the Hugu
In what year did Protestant rule in Montpellier effectively collapse?
In what year was a royal citadel built by the French in Montpellier?
In what year was Francois Villion born?
What was Maria de la Quellerie's fathers name?
How many ships with Villion's aboard had sailed to Cape of Good Hope in 16
What city was Maria de la Queillerie from?
What did Maria de la Queillerie's father do for a living?
In what year was New France?
In what year did the Huguenots neighborhood officially change its name to L'
Where did Jessé de Forest sail from to arrive in North America?
Besides New Amsterdam what was another Dutch colony in North America?
In what year did the Huguenots split into New York and New Jersey?
In what year did Elie Prioleau arrive in Charleston?
What English city was Edmund Bellinger from?
In what year did Rev. Elie Prioleau become the pastor of the first
In what year did Edmund Bohun of the Humphrey de Bohun line of French
In what year was Charleston, South Carolina founded?
In what year did the French attack the Dutch Republic?
In what year did the French attack the Dutch Republic?
In what year did the French attack the Dutch Republic?
In what year did the French attack the Dutch Republic?
In what decade did Louis XIV start his reign?
How many Huguenots were there in France in 18th century?
Who had issued the Edict of Fontainebleau?
How many Huguenots were in France in the early 18th century?
How many Huguenots died during the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre
How many French nobles were Huguenots?
How many French Catholics died after the Huguenots retaliated?
How many Huguenots were there in southern France during this time?
When was the first Huguenot rebellion?
In what year was the Huguenot rebellions crowned?
What did the Huguenots grow up to be?
What did the Huguenots rise to under Louis XIII?
When did the Huguenots rise up against royal authority?
How many regard themselves as Huguenots today outside of France?
How many people live in the Alsace region of France?
What does the Huguenot still call themselves?
What percentage of people in France regard themselves as Huguenots?
How many Protestants are there in the Cévennes mountain region?
How far is New Rochelle from New York?
How far is New Rochelle from New Paltz?
How long is the south shore of Staten Island?
Where did most of the Huguenots decide to live?
Where did the most Huguenots stay?
How many Huguenot refugees were there in the Dutch Republic?
How many Huguenot refugees were there in the Dutch Republic?
In what year was the Edict of Nantes revoked?
How many clergymen were there in the Dutch Republic before the influx of Huguen
In what country is the Dutch Republic?
In what year was  de la Plancha built?
In what year did King Hugo die?
In what year did le roi Huguet die?
In what year was Reguier de la Plancha born?
In what year was the Cape Monthly first published?
When was the The Weavers converted into a restaurant?
In which English town did the most Huguenots live?
In which English town did the most Walloons live?
What was one occupation of the Huguenots?
Which English town had the largest refugee church?
In what Irish city can many signs remain to be seen of the Huguenots
In what year was D'Olier Street built in Dublin?
In what year was French Church Street built in Portarlington?
The Huguenot District was named in Portarlington in what year?
In what century did Huguenots serve as mayor?
In what year did the French and Indian War begin?
What people were allowed to settle in British colonies?
In what year did the first Huguenots arrive in the British colonies?
Who won the Seven Years' War?
When did Henry IV ascend to the throne?
When did Henry of Navarre take over the throne?
When did Henry IV ascend to the throne?
What did the Edict of Nantes encourage in Catholic-controlled areas of France?
How many French people fled to the North American colonies?
Besides England who else were particularly welcoming to those fleeing France?
What country was very well known for offering a Protestant education?
How many of those fleeing France went on to become doctors?
How many Huguenots chose to stay in France?
How many Huguenots arrived in Brazil in 1555?
In what year was Fort Coligny built?
How many were in the first wave of Huguenot's fleeing to Brazil?
How many Huguenot's did the Portuguese kill for being Protestant in Guanab
Name a French Huguenot?
Name a French Huguenot?
What prominent South African family distilled brandy and were Huguenots?
What Huguenot French family had the largest brandy distilling business in South
When was the last Huguenot congregation in North America founded?
When did the last active Huguenot congregation come to Charleston?
How often are pilgrimages held at Manakin Episcopal Church?
Who owned the Cuckoo Tavern?
In what state was the Revere's ancestor?
How many immigrant lacemakers were there in Bedfordshire?
What is the style of lace known as 'Bucks Point'?
How many Huguenots settled in Bedfordshire?
What was Bedfordshire the main British center of at the time?
In what year did Napoleon come to power in Germany?
What neighborhood did Huguenots establish in Berlin?
What neighborhood did Huguenots create in Berlin?
When did Huguenots first arrive in Berlin?
How much of Berlin's population spoke French as of 1700?
In what year did the French troops become the Great Elector?
How many Huguenots fled to England?
How many people did Huguenots lose due to war?
When did the fighting start in France?
In what year did the Camisards organize as a regional group in southern France?
In what year was Norman Huguenots born?
How many Huguenots did Pedro Menendez have murdered  at  Fort Caroline
What did many French soldiers surrender to?
From where had the Norman Huguenots sailed in order to arrive at Fort Mat
In what year did the Wars of Religion start?
In what year was Jean Ribault born?
In what year was Pedro Menendez de Aviles born?
In what year was the expedition Jean Ribault's expedition to South Carolina?
What year did René Goulaine de Laudonnière launch a second
How many French Huguenots eventually moved to Virginia from Manakin Town?
How many French Huguenots in Manakintown ended up moving to Kentucky
How many French Huguenot residents of Manakin Town actually live outside the town
In what century was the Huguenot Memorial Bridge built?
In what year did the French Huguenots migrate from England to Virginia?
In what year did William the Silent issue his "Apologie"?
What nationality was Pierre L'Oyseleur?
In what colony was the town of Delft?
In what year did Huguenots begin to settle in the Low Countries?
Who was Gaspard de Coligny's father?
How many Huguenots fled to England after the Foreign Protestants Naturalization Act was
How many Protestant Walloons fled to England before the Foreign Protestants Naturalization Act was passed
Where was Andrew Lortie originally from?
In what year was Andrew Lortie born?
How many Protestant Walloons and Huguenots continued on through England and ended up
In what century was the Edict of Nantes revoked?
Where did Huguenot settlements come from?
Where did Huguenot settlements come from?
What was Killeshandra in County Cavan?
What kind of settlements were there in County Cavan?
In what year was Prince Louis de Conde born?
In what year was Prince Louis de Condé made a Count?
Who was Count Ludwig von Nassau-Saarbucken's father?
In what year did Huguenots first move to present-day Saarland
What was the bulk of Huguenot émigrés relocated to?
To what nation did the most Huguenots flee to from France?
What was the bulk of Huguenot émigrés relocated to?
What was the bulk of Huguenot émigrés relocated to?
What was the bulk of Huguenot émigrés relocated to?
Hugues Capet was king of France long before the Reformation?
What religion was Hugues Capet?
What religion was Hugo?
What did the "Hugues hypothesis" believe was derived from?
In what nation did the Gallicans get their start?
What French city was Jacques Lefevre from?
In what year did Lefevre graduate from the University of Paris?
In what year did Lefevre become a Protestant?
Who was one of the most prominent French Waldensians?
How many Huguenots were killed in Paris?
In which French city was about 2,000 Huguenots killed?
How many Huguenots were killed altogether in Paris?
How many Huguenots were slaughtered in Toulouse?
How many Huguenots were slain in Toulouse?
In what year did Louis XIV win?
In what year did Louis XIV start to force Protestants to convert to Catholicism?
In what year did Louis XIV start to allow Protestants the ability to work in certain professions
In what year was the Edict of Fontainebleau issued?
In what year were the Edict of Fontainebleau started?
Who named "Bauffet's Point" at Davenports Neck?
How much land did the Lord of Pelham Manor, John Pell. own in total
Whose decision was it to name the new town New Rochelle?
How far is it from Davenports Neck to New Rochelle?
What was the name of the first wooden church built in New Rochelle?
Along with French first names and surnames, what did many Huguenot relatives
What did the French make a great contribution to the United States during the colonial period?
What nationality was Huguenot?
Along with French first names and surnames, what did many Huguenot relatives
How many foundational texts did the book contain?
How many foundational texts did the book contain?
Is Saint Nicolas or Sint Nicolaas celebrated earlier in the year in the Netherlands?
How many foundational texts did the book contain?
In what year did Huguenot refugees first start to move to London?
When was the Old Truman Brewery founded?
When was the French Protestant Church of London founded?
How much of London's populace became immigrants?
In what year did Huguenot refugees first settle in Norwich?
In what year was the Altpreußische Infantry Regiment No. 13 established?
In what year was Frederick William named as the Elector of Brandenburg?
How many Huguenot settled in the German territory of Germany?
How many Huguenot settled in the German territory of Celle?
How many men were in the AltpreusBische Infantry No. 13?
Who is one of Frederick Williams' descendants?
Who is a descendant of Thomas de Maizière?
What was Theodor Fontane's role in the First World War?
What ethnicity was Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg?
Who was one of Lothar de Maiziere's predecessors?
Along with geothermal and nuclear, what is a notable combustion heat source?
What ideal thermodynamic cycle analyzes the process by which solar engines work?
In the Rankine cycle, what does water turn into when heated?
At what pressure is water heated in the Rankine cycle?
What types of engines are Steam engines?
In what year was the first atmospheric engine invented?
In what year was the first atmospheric engine invented?
In what year was the first atmospheric engine invented?
What kind of engine was the atmospheric engine?
What kind of engine did Newcomen's engine use?
In what country was a full-scale working railway steam engine first invented?
On what date did the first railway trip in England occur?
Where did the England's first railway journey begin?
In what constituent country of the United Kingdom is Trevithick located? 
In what geographical portion of England is Abercynon located?
What device is used to recycle the boiler water in most jet engines?
What types of pumps are typically used in jet engines?
In what decade were injectors widely used in steam engines?
What is a notable application of steam engines today?
What are jet engines used to supply?
Triple expansion engines use how many expansion stages?
Triple expansion engines use how many expansion stages?
In what century was the Yarrow-Schlick-Tweedy balancing engine used
In what century was the Yarrow-Schlick-Tweedy balancing engine used
What class of ships is an example of large passenger liners?
What kind of valve gears did Corliss use?
The process is generally considered what for most purposes?
What kind of valve does the patent valve gears use?
In the 1840s and 50s, what did patent valve gears try to solve?
What are sometimes present in the plug's firebox crown?
What happens to the steam escapes when the water level drops?
What happens to the steam escapes when water level drops?
What can you do if water level drops?
What is the escape of the firebox unlikely to accomplish in all but the smallest boil
In what year did James Watt patented his steam engine?
In what year did James Watt patented his steam engine?
In what year did James Watt patented his steam engine?
In what year did engine development begin?
What did the stationary steam engine help factories locate where?
What century was the first steam engine made?
What century was the first steam engine made?
What century was the first steam engine made?
When was the first steam engine described?
How many steam powered inventions did Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont
In what century did compound engines become widely used?
What were the two main stages in shipping that eliminated the weight of coal?
What were the two main stages for double and triple expansion engines common in shipping?
Along with double and triple expansion engines, what process was common in shipping for several different
Along with electric motors, what power sources overtook steam engines in the 20th century
In what century did steam turbines become widely used?
In what century did steam turbines become widely used?
Steam turbines use less moving parts than what other engine?
What percentage of electric power is produced by steam turbines?
Steam turbines replaced what engine in electricity generating stations early in the 20th century?
What is a process that uses different sources of heat?
What is a nuclear reactor called?
What type of heating element is often used in toy engine?
What is a nuclear reactor called?
What type of heating element is often used in closed space engines?
What instrument is used to examine engine performance?
When was the first steam engine indicator made?
When was the first steam engine indicator made?
When was the first steam engine indicator made?
When was the first steam engine indicator made?
What are the two-cylinder compounds used in railway work?
In a 4-cylinder compound engine, what degree were the individual cranks balanced
How are the two-cylinder compounds used in railway work?
What is usually the position of the pistons in the double expansion group?
What happens to railways in the first type of Vauclain compound?
At what stroke in a piston engine is the steam released?
How many events in a complete engine cycle is there?
How many events in a complete engine cycle is there?
How many events in a complete engine cycle is there?
How many events in the engine cycle is there?
What is a quasiturbine?
During each stroke, what will the engine use to fix the cooling issue?
During what part of the counterflow cycle will the engine take in some of its energy
During what part of each stroke will the engine cool?
What is the aim of the uniflow engine?
What type of steam engine needs valves to direct engines?
What is another term for the port face?
Where, along with toys, are oscillating cylinder port faces typically used?
On what vehicles do full size working engines sometimes use oscillating cylinder rocks?
What is a variant of the simple expansion engine?
What is another name for a closed loop system?
What is another name for a closed loop system?
What working fluid is used in a mercury cycle?
What is another name for a closed loop system?
What is another name for a closed loop system?
What usually limits the efficiency of a Rankine cycle?
What is the turbine entry temperature of a Rankine turbine, in degrees Celsius?
What is 30 degrees celsius the creep limit of?
What is the approximate condenser temperature in stainless steel?
What is the theoretical efficiency of a modern coal-fired power station?
What devices have been credited as the moving force of agriculture?
Steam engines powered what?
What is an example of a road vehicle?
Steam engines powered what?
What did the use of steam engines in farming lead to?
What was the name of the locomotive that debuted in 1808?
Who designed Salamanca?
What year was the twin-cylinder locomotive Salamanca used for?
On what railroad was Salamanca used?
For what railroad did George Stephenson build a locomotive in 1825?
In what year was the Woolf high-pressure compound engine patented?
In what year was the Woolf high-pressure compound engine patented?
By staging the expansion in multiple cylinders, torque can be reduced or what?
Why is the process of heating and cooling necessary?
In what year was the Woolf high-pressure compound engine patented?
In the 1990s, what percentage of the world's electricity production was generated by steam
What kind of engine is the Turbinia?
Along with gas turbines, what engine replaced steam engine in the marine applications?
In the 1990s, what percentage of the world's electricity production was generated by steam
In the 1990s, what percentage of the world's electricity production was generated by steam
What is the exhaust's thermodynamic basis?
What happens to waste heat in the water?
In the 1990s, what percentage of all electric power was generated by Rankine steam
What, along with solar, coal, and nuclear, uses the heat process?
What is the name of the Rankine cycle?
What is the historical measure of a steam engine's energy efficiency?
How much more efficient was the "duty" in Watt's engine compared to earlier examples
What is the number of bushels of coal burned in a steam engine?
How many examples of Newcomen engine had a duty?
How many liters of water per day did Watt's low-pressure engine deliver?
What engine was the dominant engine in the early 20th century?
In what century did steam engines become the dominant source of power?
What engine was the dominant engine in the early 20th century?
What engine was the dominant engine in the early 20th century?
What is continuing with energy levels far beyond the turn of the 19th century?
In what year was the first water pump invented?
In what year was the first water pump invented?
In what year was the first water pump invented?
Who notably improved the Smeaton water pump?
Who wrote of the Smeaton water pump in 1751's Philosophical Transactions?
In what year was the high-pressure engine patent patented?
In what year was engine patent?
In what year did Oliver Evans get his high-pressure engine patent?
High pressure power sources were small enough that they could be used in what application?
What were manufacturing techniques used as a source of?
What kind of materials does Energiprojekt AB use?
What kind of materials does Energiprojekt AB use?
What kind of engine is a 5-cylinder engine?
How much does Energiprojekt AB use in its engine?
What is the efficiency of Energiprojekt's steam engine?
What do steam turbines in power stations use as a cold sink?
What is a dry type cooling tower?
What is a dry type cooling tower?
What do evaporative cooling towers use to evaporate water?
About how many cubic meters of make-up water is used by a 700-meg
In what year did the centrifugal governor get his start?
In what year did James Watt get the centrifugal governor?
In what year was the centrifugal governor adopted?
What kind of operation did the governor require to function?
What kind of changes did the governor assume in response to changes in load?
After what year was compounding frequently used in railway engines?
Compounding was not popular in the loading of what machines?
What was compounding seen as being in the marine industry?
After what year did marine locomotives cease to be used in Britain?
Along with marine engines and industrial units, in what machines were marine locomotives popular
Speed and momentum can generally increase the expansion period by how much?
What is another term for excessive compression?
What can the exhaust steam fully do when the steam event is too long?
The simplest valve gears give what kind of length?
What kind of valve gears do the simplest valve gears use?
When was the first steam engine patented?
In what year was the first steam engine patented?
In what year did Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont receive a
In what year did Thomas Savery patent his steam pump?
In what year was Thomas Newcomen's atmospheric engine patented?
What kind of rotor is a steam turbine?
What kind of rotor is a steam turbine?
What kind of rotor is a steam turbine?
What kind of rotor is a steam turbine?
IN the United States, what is a maximum potential with 60 Hertz of power?
Along with boilers and condensers, what kind of engine makes up the power
Along with internal combustion engines, what machines have superseded power in some areas?
What plants create most combustion power?
What is the name of the movement that seeks renewed use of combustion power in the modern
Along with fuel sources, what concern has contributed to the development of the combustion movement?
What kind of engine is the Wankel engine?
What kind of engine is the Wankel engine?
What development, along with wear, makes it difficult to seal the rotors in an
What is a problem?
What kind of engine is the Wankel engine?
What year did James Watt develop his engine?
What year did James Watt develop his engine?
How much more coal did Boulton and Watt use compared to each other?
What year did James Watt develop his engine?
What kind of engine did the Newcomen's engine use?
Steam engines often have how many independent mechanisms for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does
What kind of lever was often used in place of a plug valve in a boiler?
What type of valve is an adjustable spring-loaded valve?
In an adjustable power engine, what needs to be broken to allow an operator to tam
What kind of safety valve did early engine drivers use?
In what year was the Corliss steam engine patented?
In what year was the Corliss steam engine patented?
In what year was the Corliss steam engine patented?
What year was the Rumford medal given out?
What percentage less steam did the Corliss steam engine use compared to other than variable
What areas of thermodynamic theory influenced the steam engine?
Who made experimental measurements on a model steam engine?
What was developed from Watt's measurements on an atmospheric concept?
What did Joseph Black help Watt discover?
What did Joseph Black help Watt discover?
During what part of the compression stage does the Rankine cycle hold over others?
During what part of the compression stage does the Rankine cycle hold over others?
How much of the turbine power does the pump consume compared to other sources?
What do gas turbines have at around 1500 °C?
What percentage of turbine power does the pump consume by condensing the fluid?
What is a pump often present in the boiler?
What is a pump often present in the boiler?
What is an injector often present?
What is another name for a firebox?
What mechanism moves coal from a firebox to a bunker?
What did land-based steam engines exhaust much of their steam?
What ships did not require speed as early as the steam turbine?
What ships did not require the steam turbine in the Admiralty?
What ships did not require the steam turbine in the Admiralty?
In what year was HMS Dreadnought launched?
What do nuclear power plants heat to create steam turbines?
What does the steam generated by a auxiliary power drive?
What do all nuclear power plants generate by heating water?
What kind of engine is a turbo-electric transmission?
Where were non-condensing direct-drive locomotives notably used for fast passenger
What is the term for the Carnot cycle?
What are the two main changes in the Rankine cycle?
What are the two main changes in the Rankine cycle?
What is the main difference between the Rankine cycle and the Carnot cycle?
What is the process in which a pump is used to pressurize the working fluid
What is the chemical element of Oxygen?
What is the chemical element of Oxygen?
What is the most abundant element in the universe?
What percentage of the earth's atmosphere is oxygen?
What do all organic molecules in living organisms contain?
What is used in photosynthesis?
What absorbs UBV rays?
What is OBV radiation a form of near the surface?
What did Robert Boyle prove that air is necessary for?
What years was chemist John Mayow alive?
When did Robert Boyle prove his theories?
Who refined John Mayow's work?
What was the profession of John Mayow?
Who conducted an experiment on August 1, 1774?
What did Joseph Priestley's August 1, 1774 experiment focus on?
In what year did Priestley write that he didn't like the gas?
What did Priestley name the air he created?
What did Philo write on?
During what century did Philo of Byzantium preform his experiments involving combustion?
Who built on Philo of Byzantium's work?
What nationality was Philo of Byzantium?
What do concentrated sources of oxygen promote?
What is the main oxidant in combustion?
What is the main oxidant in combustion?
Name a compound that has a high oxidative potential?
Name a compound that has a high oxidative potential?
How will steel pipes allow combustion to proceed?
What kind of pressure was there to the Apollo 1 capsule?
What does concentrated O allow combustion to do?
What is present in the atmosphere in trace quantities?
What is SiO?
What is AlO?
What is Fe2O?
What did John Dalton's original atomic hypothesis assume all elements were?
How much greater was the atomic mass of hydrogen relative to water than hydrogen?
What did Joseph Louis von Humboldt and Alexander Gay-Lussac show
What year did Amedeo Avogadro define the formula for water?
What law was created in 1805?
Besides phlogiston, what is iron primarily made of?
What is iron primarily made of?
What did metals gain in rusting?
What is iron primarily made of?
What is a covalent double bond?
What is Aufbau?
What is the term for the double bond?
What is Aufbau?
When was Oxygen discovered?
When was Oxygen discovered?
In what year was the name oxygen invented?
In what year was the name oxygen invented?
What is the ground state of the O molecule referred to as?
What combination of cancellations and σ and π overlaps with the double bond
What does double oxygen react slowly with?
What does double oxygen reacting slowly with most organic molecules prevent?
What is another term for vital air?
What is the English word for nitrogen?
When was the book, Sur, published?
What is the last step in the process known as?
What is Ozone produced in the upper atmosphere?
What is another name for Trioxygen?
What is another name for Trioxygen?
What is the common term for the allotrope of elemental oxygen on Earth?
What has a bond energy of 121 pm?
What has a bond length of 121 pm?
Why do animals use O2 for biological respiration?
Who produced enough oxygen to study in 1891?
In what year was the first liquid oxygen produced?
In what year was the first liquid oxygen produced?
What was demonstrated for the first time in 1901?
What is nitrogen more water soluble than?
Oxygen is more soluble in water than what else?
How much of oxygen in water dissolves at 0 °C?
How much oxygen does freshwater contain per liter?
What is Oxygen the most abundant chemical element in the earths biosphere?
What is Oxygen the most abundant chemical element in the universe?
What makes up 49.2% of the sun's mass?
What is Oxygen the most abundant chemical element?
What is Oxygen the most abundant chemical element?
What liquid was evaporated to cool the oxygen?
What year did he send a telegram to the French Academy of Sciences?
What year was Oxygen liquified?
What year was Oxygen liquified?
What year was Oxygen liquified?
Where have Planetary geologists measured oxygen isotopes?
Where were Planetary geologists unable to measure oxygen?
What solar process has shown the Sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does
What does the Earth have a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than?
What is singlet oxygen?
What is singlet oxygen?
What is the source of the singlet oxygen produced?
What does Carotenoids do in photosynthetic organisms?
What is the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells of marine
What is the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells of marine
At lower temperatures do paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and
During periods of lower temperatures, what do paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of
How many spectrophotometric absorption bands does Oxygen have?
What kind of radiance does the remote sensing scientists want to use?
What kind of radiance can be used to determine plants health?
What are O molecules in triplet form?
Why are O molecules paramagnetic?
Liquid oxygen is attracted to what?
What are two examples of reactive oxygen species?
What are two examples of reactive oxygen species?
What are two examples of reactive oxygen species?
What are two examples of reactive oxygen species?
When did O2 begin accumulating in the atmosphere?
At what temperature does Oxygen condenses at?
When does Oxygen condenses at 90.20 K?
When does Oxygen condenses at 90.20 K?
Both liquid and solid O2 are clear what?
Where does free oxygen occur in all the water bodies?
What is eutrophication called?
What is eutrophication called?
What is eutrophication called?
When did free oxygen gas first appear in the atmosphere?
When did free oxygen first appear in the Paleoproterozoic eon?
What percentage of the oceans were free of oxygen?
What percentage of the oceans were free of oxygen?
Why is the oxygen cycle so high?
What kind of cycle is the oxygen cycle?
What fraction of atmospheric oxygen does production and consumption occur at the same rate as?
What is the main driving factor of the oxygen cycle?
What is the process of making O2 gas?
What is another name for the process that changes the operation of the two beds?
What is the process of making O2 gas?
What process can be used to produce Oxygen gas?
What gases in each limb can be used to produce electricity?
What is still a standard part of the life-support equipment on submarines?
What process can be used to produce Oxygen gas?
What is Oxygen touted as a mild euphoric?
In what decade did Oxygen bars become popular?
In what decade did Oxygen bars become popular?
What is a more likely explanation for the placebo effect?
What is usually increased in hyperbaric medicine?
What is usually treated by using a hypochondriac?
What is Oxygen gas especially toxic to the anaerobic bacteria?
What happens to divers who decompress too quickly after a dive?
What is used in medicine for lungs?
What is used in medicine for lungs?
What is usually decreased in patients with heart disease?
What is decreased in the lungs with treatment?
What does oxygen form with almost all other elements?
What does oxygen form with almost all other elements?
What mineral is written as Fe1 - oX?
What is X in Fe1 - oX?
People who travel in what kind of plane often have supplemental O2 supplies?
Who has an emergency supply of O?
In case of cabin depressurization, what is available to passengers?
What type of reaction produces oxygen in plane cabins?
What is another name for high pressure oxygen tanks?
How many liters of gaseous oxygen are often transported in bulk?
How many liters of gaseous oxygen are often transported in bulk?
How many liters of gaseous oxygen are often transported in bulk?
What important solvents contain oxygen?
What compounds contain oxygen?
What is R-O-O?
What is R-OC-R?
What is R-OOC-R?
What does squalene and carotenes contain?
What does squalene and carotenes contain?
Oxygen also occurs in what?
Most common biomolecules contain no oxygen.
If you are exposed to an O2 partial pressure above 160 kPa, what can
If you are exposed to an O2 partial pressure greater than 160 kPa, what
What percentage of O2 can be found in the air mixture?
If you are exposed to O2, what can you breathe 100% of the time
What kind of system is used in space applications?
What kind of system is used in space applications?
What kind of system is used in space applications?
What is the partial pressure of O in breathing gas?
Oxygen gas typically contains how much of the O2?
Oxygen gas typically contains how much oxygen?
Oxygen gas typically contains how much of the O2?
In medical applications, what percentage of O2 is usually found in lungs?
In what year did the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries announce an oil embargo?
In what year did the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries announce an oil embargo?
What was the price of oil in March 1974 before it rose?
In what year did the United States end its embargo on petroleum?
What is the term that describes what  happened in 1979 when the US prices of oil
In what year did the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries announce an oil embargo?
In what year did the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries announce an oil embargo?
What was the oil crisis called?
What came after this oil crisis? 
In what year did the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries announce an oil embargo?
How did the crisis impact NATO?
What did Israel and Syria do to avoid being targeted by the boycott?
What did Arab oil producers link to Japan?
What did US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger negotiate?
What did Israel lift in March 1974?
What did the oil crisis create a rift within? 
European nations and which country disassociated themselves from the US for this reason? 
Who linked any future policy changes to peace? 
What negotiations did Nixon Administrations begin?
Which country was to pull back from the Sinai Peninsula?
The United States unilaterally pulled out of the Bretton Woods Accord?
In what year did the U.S. abandon the Gold Exchange Standard?
In what year did Britain float the pound sterling?
What did industrialized nations make more money from than before?
In what year did OPEC make a joint communiqué stating that they would price oil
The Bretton Woods Accord was signed in what year?
In what year did the U.S. abandon the Gold Exchange Standard?
In what year did the U.S. abandon the Gold Exchange Standard?
In what year did the U.S. abandon the Gold Exchange Standard?
In what year did OPEC make a joint communiqué stating that they would price oil
How much had the price of oil risen after 1971?
Until the oil shock how had the price of gold been?
What happened to OPEC's income due to prices not being in sync with the market?
When did institutional mechanisms finally return to Bretton Woods levels?
When did commodities readjust to oil prices?
Who was slow to readjust prices? 
In what year did the price of oil fall by less than two percent?
What happened in 1973-1974?
Prices remained stable until what?
What did Iran do on Yom Kippur on October 6, 1973?
What was the price of petroleum in Iran at the time?
What did Syria decide that the price of oil should be after the attack?
What did Western nations say that Iran increased the price of wheat they sell by?
What does Syria sell refined oil for to the middle east?
What happened on October 6, 1973 with Syria and Egypt? 
What holiday did Syria and Egypt launch an attack? 
Iran was which size oil exporter?
How much more oil did Iran pay for it than before?
How much more oil does it cost to pay for it in the Arab-Israeli conflict
What was the price of oil in October of 1973?
What did various countries request of Congress?
What decision triggered a response from a principal hostile country?
What was the announcement made immediately by Libya?
What percentage reduction of production was agreed to in September of 1973?
OPEC did what to the prices of oil on October 16th?
What percentage did OPEC raise the price of oil?
What was the price of oil after the raise? 
Who announced it would embargo oil shipments to the US?
When did Saudi Arabia join the embargo? 
How much money did Saudi Arabia spend in the following decades?
Some of the export commodities that were used for oil purchases helped create tensions where?
How much money did Saudi Arabia spend in the following decades?
How much money did Saudi Arabia spend in the following decades?
What did Saudi Arabia give to other underdeveloped nations?
Along with price disruptions, what was the main cause of the decline in the United States
What is the US concerned more about than inflation?
What was the Middle East a match for?
What already existed in the USSR before 1973?
What was the USSR and the US more worried about?
What did the embargo have a negative influence on?
How did the embargo impact the US economy?
What did energy security do on an international level?
What problem consists of trying to increase oil supplies and threats to US energy security?
What did macroeconomic problems cause oil companies to search for?
What was the embargo like in Europe?
What did the Netherlands let America use during the embargo?
Who did the EEC support during the Six-Day War?
Who is France a traditional ally of?
What did Harold Wilson call for Israel to do in 1970?
What did the UK ban on Sundays due to the embargo?
What was rationed by railroad workers?
What happened in the Netherlands if you used more than your ration of electricity?
What country is that affected by the change of government?
What did Heath ask the British to do over the winter?
Why did the system allow new oil to be sold at a higher price than before?
What happened when new oil was withdrawn from the market?
What was rationing intended to promote in the market?
What action was taken to address price controls?
How did old oil affect motorists in many countries?
What percentage of American gas stations were out of fuel in 1973?
In what was Nixon named as?
What was the Federal Energy Office created to do?
How much oil did Simon give to states in 1974?
What was common in states without population increases?
In what year was the maximum speed limit increased to 55 mph?
In what year was the National Energy Designation Act enacted?
In what year was the National Energy Designation Act enacted?
In what year was the National Energy Designation Act established?
In what year was the maximum speed limit increased to 55 mph?
What kinds of energy did energy crisis create interest in?
What do American energy policies promote that ignore market and technology realities?
What do congresses and presidents repeatedly support?
What do congresses and presidents repeatedly support?
What do American energy policies promote that ignore market and technology realities?
What action did the US plan to take in 2004 due to rising oil prices?
What revealed the intentions of the US in the middle east regarding oil prices in 2004?
What had Edward Heath told Lord Cromer about taking action in the Middle East?
What did British Prime Minister Edward Heath order due to his worry about US mid East actions
What would be a Soviet response to US actions be?
Which country is most involved in nonviolent policy?
What action was taken against Japan on December 7th to make them change their policy?
What did Israel do to Japan's imported oil to force their involvement in the crisis?
When was Japan declared a nonfriendly country?
When Japan received 5% of its imported oil from the middle east in December what result
What country did Saudi Arabia invade in Afghanistan?
What are other signs of insecurity in Afghanistan?
What did the Persian Gulf depend on the Saudis to manage?
What is another reason that the Shah was buying weapons from Russia?
What kind of Sunni muslim monarchy is is Saudi Arabia lead by?
What standards did Japanese cars create in the auto industry?
What are four cars with V8 engines that were more fuel efficient?
What type of engine construction does an American car usually have?
What kind of engine was the Datsun 510?
What decreased demand for cars with four cylinder engines?
In what year did Mazda open in the US?
What did Honda establish in the US in 1973?
What did Honda want to distinguish itself from by opening assembly plants in 1973?
What did some buyers like about Acuras?
What are two things that were added to the Lexus in 1981?
What did Toyota rebrand its Forte as?
What was the name of the compact truck that was derived from the Ford Courier?
What companies did Toyota, Chevrolet and Dodge have joint partnerships with?
When American companies introduced compact trucks, what policy ended?
What compact truck replacements were introduced by Ford?
What was the percentage increase in imported cars from North America in the mid-1970s
In what year did the average American vehicle travel 17.4 miles per gallon?
What was the price of a barrel of oil in 1974?
What are two small car models that didn't recover in 1974?
In the 1970s, Ford Fiesta and Plymouth Horizon were all four-cylinder engines
In what year did full size cars start to appear in America?
When did Dodge end production of their full size sedans?
What was the Plymouth Gran Fury a prelude to in vehicle categories?
What type of vehicle did Chrysler change to in 1981?
In what year did full size cars start to appear in America?
In what year did OPEC assume its preeminent position?
What did Saudi Arabia seek to increase as a result of the energy crisis?
What did Saudi Arabia try to do to increase production?
What was the price of oil in the 1980s?
What was the price of oil in the 1980s?
What are the three sources of European Union Law?
What are two main provisions of European Union law?
What are the 3 sources of European Union law?
What is the first source of European Union law?
The legislature of the European Union is principally composed of what?
Who applies European Union law?
Who is responsible for the administration of European Union law?
Who can the European Commission can take proceedings against?
What is the highest court in the European Union?
What are the three main sources of European Union law?
What kind of constitution does the European Union lack?
What are the primary constitutional sources of the European Union? 
What does the European Commission have the power to propose?
Who elects the members of the European Parliament?
What governing body appoints commissioners and the board of the European Central Bank?
What is the primary law of the EU?
What does contain formal and substantive provisions?
What does the TEU do?
Where does the European Union law apply?
What does the TEU allow the European Council to do?
When did the Maastricht Treaty 1992 join?
When did the Maastricht Treaty 1992 join?
When were minor amendments made to the Maastricht Treaty 1992?
What year did Spain and Portugal refuse to join the EU?
What year did the UK, Ireland, Denmark, and Norway refuse to join the EU
What happened after the Nice Treaty?
When was the constitution for Europe put into place?
What was similar to the Lisbon Treaty?
What treaty was enacted in what year?
Which caused the reform to come into force?
What was the main executive body of the EU?
Who was the sole governing authority capable of initiating legislative proposals?
Who was given authority to designate an agenda?
What year did Ireland agree to the changes in Treaty of Lisbon?
Who was subjected to a qualified minority vote of the Council for approval?
What kind of privileges do Commissioners have?
What do Commissioners have immunity from?
In what year was the Santer Commission censured?
In what year was the Santer Commission censured?
What minor case was the result of the censuring of the Santer Commission?
What is the legislative body composed of?
Who convenes at the American Council?
How often does the Council meet?
How many members of government sit on the European Council?
How many votes are there in the European Council?
What does TFEU article define?
How does the TFEU revise old legislation?
What type of vote does the Council pass in order to disapprove of any changes recommended by
What articles do state that unless conferred, powers remain with the member states?
Who does not have the final say in who ultimately has the competence to define the EU
The judicial branch of the EU plays an important role in what?
What is the main judicial body of the EU?
How many total female judges are there in the EU?
Most EU law is applied by member state courts?
What does the CJEU duty emcompass?
What has operated among a decreasing plurality of national and globalising legal systems?
Who had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems?
What major case happened in the 1970's where the Court of Justice held that ultimately the
Which court argued that the Treaty of Rome did not prevent energy nationalism?
What does the EU accept about the Court of Justice?
What is the basic principle of the United Kingdom?
When was the European Communities Act granted acceptance?
What was the view of the German Constitutional Court from Solange I and Solange II
What does the EU's legitimacy rest on?
What does administrative law bind EU institutions and member states to follow?
In what year were citizens or corporations told not be allowed to bring claims against other non
Who was bound to apply an EU law where a national rule conflicted?
All actions by EU institutions are subject to what?
What does administrative law bind EU institutions and member states to follow?
What is generally accepted about EU law?
Who could recover the money it paid for the tariff?
What does TFEU article not state?
If the Treaties and Regulations are clear, what do citizens have standing to sue other
TAFEU article 288 says Directives are not generally addressed to the member state,
How many non paid holidays does the Working time directive require workers to have each year?
What does not require more than 28 days in national law?
A citizen or company may invoke a Directive in a dispute with a public authority, but
A citizen or company may invoke a Directive in a dispute with a public authority, but
A citizen or company may invoke a Directive in a dispute with a public authority, but
A citizen or company may invoke a Directive in a dispute with a public authority, but
A citizen or company may invoke a Directive in a dispute with a public authority, but
Which courts do not have a duty to interpret  domestic law as far a possible?
What does the First Company Law Directive article 11 require?
What did the Court of Justice acknowledge?
What did the Italian government fail to do in Francovich v Italy?
How much money did Francovich allowed to claim from the Italian government in claims?
What do the European Court of Justice regard as?
What legal doctrines and principles are there in the courts of the European Union?
What do the principles of European Union Law share?
What do the European Court of Justice regard as?
When was the European Court of Justice established?
The lawfulness of an action depends on what?
What must be the least burdens placed upon a material disadvantage caused by the treaty?
The principle of proportionality is stated in Article 5 of the EC Treaty?
The principle of proportionality is stated in Article 5 of the EC Treaty?
When was the concept of legal certainty first recognized by the European Court of Justice?
Since when has the concept of legal certainty been recognised by the European Court of Justice?
What does the doctrine of legal certainty hold?
What must be true of the principles of legal certainty in the European Union?
What must be true of the principles of legal certainty in European Union law?
When were fundamental rights first recognised by the European Court of Justice?
What is regarded as an integral part of the general principles of EU law?
When can the European Court of Justice uphold measures?
What did the European Court of Justice find about supply guidelines?
How many original treaties establishing the EU protected fundamental rights/
When was the European Court of Human Rights established?
When was the European Court of Human Rights established?
When was the European Union's Convention on Human Rights founded?
What did the European Court of Justice recognize as the main principle of European Union law?
In what year did the Lisbon Treaty explicitly recognize fundamental rights?
The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union was established in what year?
The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union has what legal value?
The Charter and the Convention co-exist under what legal authority?
What entity does not enforce the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union?
The Social Chapter was established in what year?
The Social Chapter was established in what year?
In what year was the Social Chapter developed?
The Social Charter contains how many general principles?
How many pieces of legislation has the Social Charter become the basis for?
When was the Social Charter adopted?
Who did not adopt the Social Charter?
Who agreed to sign the Social Charter and was exempt from the legislation covering Social Charter issues
UK refused to sign the Social Charter unless it agreed to be bound by what?
What was added to the 1992 Maastricht Treaty?
In what year did the UK become self-governing entities?
In what year did the UK formally join the Agreement on Social Policy?
In what year did the Works Council Directive come into effect?
In what year did the Works Council Directive come into effect?
Over the period following the 1997 Treaty of Amsterdam, what did the European Union undertake in
In what year was the European Coal and Steel Community signed?
What did the ECSC seek to prevent Germany from re-establish dominance in?
What did the EU members believe lead to the outbreak of the war?
 Article 65 of the treaty banned what for companies?
What did Article 65 of the treaty outlaw?
What does the Treaty of Lisbon forbid in Article 101(1)?
What type of policy does Article 102 outlaw?
What is the current regulation for mergers between firms?
Both articles 106 and 107 provide that member state's right to deliver public services must be
What does Article 107 state that a state cannot aid or subsidise in the event of
What was introduced into EU law in 2007?
What was not central to European development since the Treaty of Rome 1957?
What was originally theorised about a free trade area?
What do the treaties limit?
What do the European Union seek to make more open and free trade?
What does not help the free movement of goods?
What is prohibited between member states?
What the the EU manage from non-member states?
What were states responsible for in Article 34?
What case were French vigilantes helping shipments of Spanish Strawberries?
What was maximum percent of alcohol content a German law requires all spirits and liqueurs
Which country dod Rewe-Zentrale AG not wish to import from?
Who accepted the German government's arguments that the measure proportional protected public health?
What did the Court of Justice justify about a low content of vegetable fat?
Which two importers claimed that under French competition law, they were prevented from selling P
What did the Court of Justice rule fell under TFEU article 34?
What was the aim of the TFEU article 34 law?
Which case did the Court of Justice review Swedish bans on advertising to young children und er
What did the Treaties seek to do since its foundation?
What did the European Community originally focus on?
What was focused on by the European Community in the 1970s?
Why was free movement not increasingly based on citizenship?
What did the Court of Justice say that Mr. Steymann was entitled to do
What did the Court of Justice hold against the re-registration charge?
What did the Court of Justice hold against the re-registration charge?
What did the Court of Justice hold against the re-registration charge?
What did the Court of Justice hold against the re-registration charge?
What did the Court of Justice hold against the re-registration charge?
What has been seen increasingly as a fundamental status of member state nationals by the Court of
What status does citizenship of member state nationals have?
What case did the Court state that Austria was allowed to hold places in Austrian schools exclus
What has the Court required to be more accessible?
What do workers generally have in the market?
What does the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union protect?
Who does not have the right to set up an enterprise without unjustified restrictions?
Both a member state and a private party can hinder freedom of establishment if they are what
What did the Grand Chamber of the Court of Justice say the Commission had proven?
What year did a toxic waste spill from an American ship prompt the Commission to look into
What type of crime does Dimas propose to create for countries like Spain?
What type of crime does Frattini want to create?
When did the Court of Justice deny that the Commission could only propose that there must some
What kind of law does TFEU article 56 apply to?
What kind of law does TFEU article 56 apply to?
What kind of law does TFEU article 56 apply to?
What kind of law does TFEU article 56 apply to?
What kind of law does TFEU article 56 apply to?
Who riled that member stated could not restrict a company from moving its seat of business
Who could evade taxes by shifting its resident to the Netherlands?
Why did the UK have to justify its actions?
How much capital did the UK require to start a company?
How much did Denmark require to start a company?
Amazonia or the Amazon jungle are no longer used to refer to what?
What covers most of the Amazon basin of South America?
The Amazon rainforest cover what?
How many nations have what in this region?
The Amazon represents over half of the planets remaining what?
What did the extinction of the dinosaurs have an effect on?
What did the extinction of the dinosaurs have an effect on?
The tropical rainforest was as far as it was able to spread before the extinction of
Climate fluctuations have stopped the savanna from doing what?
The rain force managed to thrive during what periods?
What split the Amazon drainage basin along the middle part of the continent?
Water on the eastern side flowed away from what ocean?
Water on the east side flowed below the basin and towards which ocean?
The Solimões Basin enclosed a large creating what basing?
Water from broke through and joined the westward flow to the Pacific?
When did the last Glacial Maximum occur?
What was the mean rainfall in the Amazon basin during the Last Glacial Maximum?
What was the extent of the reduction in the rainforest?
When did the last Glacial Maximum occur?
What is the name of the satellite that measured the amount of vegetation from the so hard
How many tons of dust are blown from the rain forest each year?
How many million tons of dust remain in the air?
How much dust is blown into the sonar every year
How many tons of dust are blown onto what C every year?
What did Betty Meggers think of as the most important aspect of the Amazon?
For a long time it was believed that what was heavily populated?
What was Betty Meggers's book about?
Betty Meggers said that hunting was needed to support a large population where?
What was the population of the Amazon in 1900?
Who was the first European to travel to Amazon River?
Who made exaggerated claims about a complex civilization in the Amazon?
In what region lacked a complex civilization?
What do diseases from Europe cause?
How long has the Amazon rainforest been made up of?
What kind of earth is found in the Amazon forest?
What is the abundant amount of black earth found in the Amazon forest?
What did the use of this soil allow for?
When were remains of the Xingu tribe found?
What is the abundant amount of black earth found in the Amazon forest?
How many insect species are found in the region?
One in five of the worlds bird species live where?
Between 96,660 and 128,843 vertebrate species live where?
How many plants have been scientifically classified in the region?
How many tree species are found in Ecuadorian rainforest?
How many tree species are found in Ecuadorian rainforest?
How many square kilometers of Amazon rainforest can be found?
About how many species of what have been registered?
How many species of plants are still in the region?
What can electric eels do in the river?
What are the largest predators in the Amazon?
What can electric eels do in the river?
 Various species of lizards secrete what?
Vampire bats do actually spread what?
What is the process of which trees are converted to non-forested areas?
When was access to the forest restricted to the bare minimum?
What crop cultivation and burn method did early settlers use?
What is the process in which farmers move to new areas?
What is visible from the naked eye?
What was the total area of forest lost in the Amazon between 1991 and 2000?
What is the world's largest producer of soybeans?
What percentage of the land deforested in the Amazon is used for?
What is the average yield per hectare in the Amazon?
What needs to be supported by soy farmers?
What was successful in opening the rain forced Emily to increase settlement?
What was the mean deforestation rate for the entire five-year period?
What slowed the decline of deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon between 2004 and 2014?
What do soy farmers need to justify many of the transportation projects that are currently developing in
What concerns environmentalists regarding the loss of biodiversity?
What concerns environmentalists regarding the loss of biodiversity?
What percentage of the world's primary productivity comes from the Amazonian forests?
What percentage of all terrestrial production comes from the forests of Amazonia?
By what year is the Amazon rainforest projected to become unsustainable?
By what year is the Amazon rainforest projected to become unsustainable?
Some computer models suggest the rain forest will become threatened after what?
By what year is the Amazon rainforest projected to become unsustainable?
 Simulation of what is not consistent across different models?
What did indigenous peoples have to fight for as a result of?
What have non-human primates become more attention for?
What did the Urarina have to fight for as a result of?
What have non-human primates become more attention for?
What have non-human primates become more attention for?
What kind of sensing is being used by the indigenous tribes of the Amazon?
What makes it easier for the government to target tribal territories?
Most what in the Amazon have not clearly defined boundaries?
Digital ventures are using handheld GPS and Google maps to strengthen the indigenous tribes what??
Who is drawing maps of their ancestral lands?
The classification of trees in the Amazon is crucial for what?
Who organized the trees of the world into four categories?
What kind of instrument was used in the analysis of the Amazon?
What tool did the researcher use to classify the forests?
What was classified in 2006?
In what year did the Amazon basin experience is worst drought in one hundred years?
What organization predicted that the Amazon force could survive more than three years of drought?
Drought and overpopulation are pushing to the force towards what?
The rain forest died there would be no effect on what?
Savanna and desert were replaced by what in the Amazon?
The Amazon rain forest experienced another severe drought in what year?
The Amazon releases how much carbon dioxide each year?
The 2010 drought had three what were vegetation increased?
In 2010 the force absorbed how much carbon dioxide?
In 2010 the force absorbed 8 Gt of what?
What are cnidarians commonly called?
What is the most distinctive feature of cilia?
What is the most distinctive feature of cilia?
What type of phyla are separate from each other?
How many cells are there in ctenophores?
What type of parasites do most ctenophores take?
How much more can ctenophores eat in a day?
How many ctenophores have been confirmed?
How many ctenophores have been confirmed?
What type of parasites do most ctenophores take?
A single animal can produce both eggs and sperm without needing a mate?
How do platyctenids fertilize their eggs?
What happens to plankton when they mature?
When are some juvenile plankton able to do before becoming an adult?
How quickly do plankton populations grow due to hermaphrodism and early reproduction
When are Ctenophore populations abundant?
What areas do Ctenophods like to live?
How common are copepods in other places?
What sea have Mnemiopsis accidentially been released into?
What is one thing that copepods like to eat?
In what time period were ctenophores first found?
What is the majority view that ctenophores and bilaterians are more closely
What characteristics did the common ancestor of ctenophore have?
After what event are modern ctenophores thought to have appeared?
What are lagerstatten considered to be descendants of?
Both ctenophores and cnidarians have what type of connections?
Both ctenophores and cnidarians have what type of organizing?
What kind of ctenophore are distinct from all other animals?
What do sponges use their colloblasts to catch?
What sticky cells used to capture prey are missing from a few sponge species?
Sponges have three main cell layers and no what?
Where does the jelly-like layer come from in complex animals?
What are more complex animals labeled when they have a jelly-like layer?
What is the main layer also called when in a complex animal?
How many layers of cells with a sandwiched jelly-like layer do complex animals have
How many types of cilia are there?
How long can the cillia grow on ctenophores?
What do cilia use their bodies for?
What are the bodies of cilia also called?
What kind of animals are cilia considered?
What kind of organisms are ctenophores?
What kind of organisms are so fragile?
What kind of organisms are so fragile?
How many coastal genera are there?
How many types of sediment particles have gained the most attention recently?
What is the inner surface of the cavity lined with?
What is a pharynx?
What is the mesoglea situated along the underside of?
What does the mesoglea branch into?
What part of the canal is different from the organ?
What are the eight comb rows called?
What are the shells of ctenophores called?
The "combs" are what type of cilia?
What direction do cilia usually swim?
What kind of behavior are cilia participating in when they reverse direction with their flage
What do ctenophores rely on to adapt to water of different densities?
What type of pressure do ctenophores rely on?
What is volume normally as concentrated as?
What does pumping in regular seawater do to  its bulk?
Why do do ciliary rosettes need to decrease density in seawater?
The aboral organ is at the opposite end from what?
What kind of cilia are in the statocyst?
What kind of cilia is in the statocyst?
What does the ctenophore try to keep the transparent dome resting on?
What is the overall state of the animal?
What is the mouth of a pleuobrachia kept in?
What can the pleuobrachia do with its mouth when its in the
What happens to some sheaths on cydippids to change their size?
Are sheaths wider or narrower in size near the mouth?
What is another name for the sheath the mouth can be withdrawn to?
The tentacles of cydippid ctenophores are typically what?
What shape are the tentacles typically?
How many components do the Colloblasts have?
What does the domed head of the tentilla have?
What do the vesticles on tentilla contain?
How many rows of combs are there?
What kind of rhythm do the combs have?
How are the combs spaced?
What are the statocysts alligned in when being evenly spaced?
What does the statocyst split to connect with?
What kind of lobes do the Lobata have?
How often do plankton need to feed?
What kind of lobes do the Lobata have?
How many auricles do plankton have?
How many lobate have?
How many lobes do cilia have?
Leucothea has long and active auricles that help with what?
Leucothea has long and active auricles that help with what?
How do cilia and aboral escape from danger?
What happens when cilia and arbol clap their lobes?
What is one thing cilia don't have?
What do macrocilia fill most of in the Nuda?
What do macrocilia have at the oral end?
What are epithelial cells able do do if prey is too large to swallow?
What does the large pharynx do in the Beroe when its not feeding?
How big are cestum veneris?
How big are Cestum veneris?
What is another name for the Cestida?
What shape does the Cestida usually have?
Where is the mouth located on an Aboral?
What does the Platyctenid use its comb rows as?
What kind of body are most Platyctenida have?
What kind of body are most Platyctenida have?
What do all but one kind of Platyctenid have?
Where do Platyctenids usually live?
What do most species of the genus Ocryopsis function as at the same time?
In what kind of chamber do species in the genus Ocryopsis keep their eggs until
What is released by pores in the comb rows?
What has sometimes been seen in species of the genus Mnemiopsis?
What are most species of the genus Mnemiopsis thought to be?
How does the larvae develop?
What do bottom-dwelling platyctenids usually lack like the adults
What do the juveniles behave like in the genus Beroe?
What does the genus Beroe usually live among as juveniles?
What kind of area do the genus Beroe juveniles live in that's different than their
What do Bathyctena chuni, Euplokamis stationis
What does the presence of bathyctena chuni produce when it is disturbed?
What kind of luminesce do adult dogs have?
What kind of luminesce do adult dogs have?
What does the presence of ctenophores produce when they are disturbed?
How much food can crustacean larvae eat per day?
What do ctenophores usually prey on?
What do Members of the genus Beroe usually capture the adult version of?
What smaller swimmers do amphipods feed on?
What does Haeckelia incorporate into their own tentacles?
What is another name for ctenophore?
What is sometimes left in the guts of ctenophore predators?
How many times as fast as the fish digest ctenophores?
How many times as fast as the fish digest ctenophores when eating?
What is sometimes left in the guts of ctenophore predators?
When were fish larvae introduced into the Black Sea accidentally?
What other sea had fish larvae accidentally introduced into it?
How did fish larvae accidentally get introduced into the two bodies of water?
What has the fish larvae caused a sharp drop in?
How fast is Mnemiopsis able to invade new territories?
When did the first tentacles form on ctenophores?
How many prominent tentacles were found between 1999 and 2000?
How long ago was the Ediacaran period?
What kind of structures are typical in living ctenophores?
In what year was the Edicaran Eoandromeda named?
What genus is considered the aunt of Vendobionta?
What period did the emergence of feeding mechanisms come from?
What did Simon Conway find on the branches of lagerstatte?
What did Stromatoveris's descendants become?
What did Stromatoveris's descendants change their cilia to?
What do all other animal phyla have?
How do other researchers believe Porifera evolved and developed its neural cells?
What is Cnidaria sometimes categorized as instead of Ctenophora?
What is the understanding of neural and muscle cell types important to our understanding of?
What has the presence of ctenophore genes been the focus of for many years
What was concluded by Richard Harbison in 1985 about beroids?
What are beroids more similar to than other bilaterians?
In what time period did the Lobata, Cestida and Thalassocaly
What kind of analysis did Harbison conclude in 1985 about the Lobata?
How many species of Cestida were found in 2001?
What is the population of Fresno?
What does Fresno mean in Spanish?
How large is the Fresno Valley?
What valley is Fresno located in?
Fresna is the capital of what state?
In what year did the Central Pacific Railroad establish its first station?
When did Millerton residents move out of Fresno?
How long was the Fresno Traction Company's line?
When did the Fresno Traction Company come to Fresno?
Where did Millerton residents move to during the flooding?
What was the population of Fresno in 1940?
What was the percentage of the population of Fresno in 1940?
What was the percentage of the population of Fresno in 1940?
What area of Fresno were the Fresno Fairgrounds located in?
What area was renamed Pinedale?
What month did the BankAmericard creator resign?
What was the original name of the BankAmericard?
In what year did BankAmericard become widely used?
What year did the BankAmericard become separate?
Where is BankAmericard located?
In what decade was "Walking Into Fresno" recorded?
What was Bill Aken's ethnicity?
Who owned the WWVA Jamboree?
What show did Bill Aken star in?
In what decade was "Walking Into Fresno" recorded?
Along with the Shinzen Japanese Gardens, where is Woodward Park located?
Where is Roeding Park located?
What is the largest Mansion in the west coast?
Along with the Shinzen Japanese Gardens, where is Woodward Park located?
How many large parks does Fresno have?
What era saw the emergence of electric Street Cars?
What is the Grand 1401 of the city?
What is the Grand 1401 of the City of Fresno?
What is the Grand 1401 building of the University of Fresno?
What is the Grand 1401 of the City of Fresno?
In what year was Fulton Street converted into one of the largest pedestrian malls in the United
The art pieces that are restored will be placed where?
In what year was Fulton Street converted into one of the largest pedestrian malls in the United
How many public art pieces will be restored to their current locations?
The art pieces that will be restored will be placed where?
Who designed Sunnyside?
What decade was the country club built in?
What avenue is to the west of the golf course?
Sunnyside is on the southeast side of what?
Chestnut Avenue goes through what?
When was the theater built in the Tower District?
When was the grand opening of the Tower Theater?
How many miles north of downtown Fresno is the Tower District neighborhood?
In what year did Fresno City College move to its current location?
What was the California State University renamed as?
When was the Tower Theater closed?
What did Roger Rocka's Dinner Theater & Good Company Players show?
What year did Roger Rocka's Dinner Theater & Good Company Players open?
What type of award did Audra McDonald win?
Who reopened Roger Rocka's Dinner Theater?
Where do restaurants and bookstores operate in the Tower District?
Where do restaurants and bookstores operate in the Tower District?
What was Tower District known for before the renewal?
What communities live in Tower District?
What type of houses are there in the area?
What area is the Tower District similar to in architecture?
When did Hilliard, Taylor, and Wheeler work?
Are California Bungalows located in the north or east?
What type of houses are there in the area?
Who planted the alfalfa fields?
Who did the City grant the property to in 1911?
How many houses were there in the Alta Vista Tract?
What slowed the development of houses?
In what year did the Alta Vista Tract begin building?
In what direction does the freeway go through the West Side?
In what direction does the freeway go through the West Side?
What is the ethnic community is traditionally found at the center of Fresno?
What is the culture of the West Side of Fresno?
What is significant about the age of West Fresno?
Whos is Kearney Boulevard named after?
How long is Fresno Street?
Who preferred the Kearney section?
What was the name given to the section of the city?
What gang entered the West Side in 2008?
What organization built homes in the neighborhood in the 1930s?
Luxury homes were built on what corner?
On what street was the golf course built?
What problem from the Fresno Chandler Airport has plagued residents?
In what decade did the area have little retail activity?
When did Ralph Woodward come to Fresno?
How large was Woodward's estate in total?
What did Ralph Woodward donate?
How many people visit the park each day?
When is the amphitheatre open?
When did the Sierra Sky Park begin out of use?
Who created all of the nation's aviation communities?
What did the transportation law ban?
What did planes and automobiles have to divide separately?
What is the only community of its kind in the US?
How many days in January are below freezing?
What percent of the total daylight time does July provide?
There is increased wind from what direction in Fresno?
What is the average rainfall in the Fresno area?
How many days does the high not reach 90 in December?
What is the official record high temperature for Fresno?
What is the official record high temperature for Fresno?
In the month and year of 1885, how many inches of rainfall did the city
What was the mean snowfall at the airport in January of 1962?
How much did it rain in July 1982?
What was the population of Fresno in 2010?
How many Native Americans were there in 2010?
What percentage of Fresno's population was White in 2010?
What racial group has decreased since 1970?
What was the population density in 2010?
What percentage of households had children over the age of 18?
What was the average family size with no wife present?
How many unmarried opposite-sex partnerships had kids?
How many same-sex partnerships without kids were there?
How many households had someone living alone under the age of 65?
A third of Pacific Islanders are what ethnicity?
What was the density of the population per square mile in 2000?
Hispanic or Latino are 39.9% of the population?
What percentage of the population is Hmong?
Hispanic represent what fraction of Hmong?
What kind of stations did the Federal Communications Commission want to avoid?
What year did KMJ-TV first broadcast?
What year did KMJ-TV first broadcast?
What is the name of KMJ?
What is the FOX affiliate in Fresno?
What is another name for State Route 168?
In what direction does State Route 41 come into Fresno?
Where does State Route 180 come from?
Where does State Route 180 come from?
State Route 168 head east of what?
What is the largest city in the US not directly linked to an Interstate highway?
In what decade was the Interstate Highway System created?
What is the likely future of Interstate 9?
What is the likely future of Interstate 9?
In what decade was the Interstate Highway System created?
Who renovated the Santa Fe Railroad Depot?
What railroads are there in Fresno?
Who owns the California High Speed Rail?
Both railroads operate what?
Both railroads operate what?
In the late 1950s what concept was developed?
In what decade was the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching developed?
In what decade was the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching developed?
What did the Bell System challenge?
What was the Bell System?
What did the US Department of Defense gain from their funding to RAND Corporation?
In what decade was the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching developed?
In what decade was the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching developed?
In what decade was the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching developed?
In what decade was the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching developed?
In what decade was the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching invented?
Did Paul Baran has assistance from anyone when he developed the concept?
Was development of this concept originally considered "classified" or a secret?
In what decade was the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching developed?
Why was this concept generally unpopular prior to Donald Davies completing his work?
In what decade was the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching developed?
In what decade was the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching developed?
What organization did Paul Baran work with in the United Kingdom?
Who created ARPANET in the United States?
What fortified this concept?
What is another term for packet switching?
What is another term for packet switching?
What is a fee per unit of connection time for a packet switching service?
What is a fee per unit of connection time for a packet switching service?
What is another term for packet switching?
What is another term for packet switching?
What is another term for packet switching?
What is another term for packet switching?
What is another term for packet switching?
What is another term for packet switching?
What is a fee per unit of connection time for a packet switching service?
What is a fee per unit of data transmitted?
What is the fee per unit of data transmitted?
What is a fee per unit of connection time called?
What is a fee per unit of connection time?
What is a fee per unit of connection time?
What is another term for packet switching?
What is another term for packet switching?
Packet mode communication can be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes?
What kind of communication can be delivered by multiple access schemes?
What kind of communication can be delivered by multiple access schemes?
What kind of intermediate forwarding nodes can be used in packet forwarding?
What is a process that is usually used to classify packets?
What kind of communication can be delivered by multiple access schemes?
What kind of communication can be delivered by means of a shared physical medium?
What is a process that is usually used to classify packets?
Packet mode communication can be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes?
What is a process that is usually used to classify packets?
What kind of communication can be delivered by multiple access schemes?
What is usually forwarded by intermediate network nodes?
What is usually forwarded by intermediate network nodes?
What is usually forwarded by intermediate network nodes?
What kind of communication can be delivered by multiple access schemes?
What kind of communication can be delivered by multiple access schemes?
What is a process that is usually used to classify packets?
What kind of communication can be delivered by means of a shared medium?
What is usually used in forwarding packets for?
What is usually used in forwarding packets for?
What was developed in the summer of 1961?
What ideas did the report in 1964 state? 
How many focuses where there in report P-2626?
Who owned RAND Company?
How was forward switching achieved?
Who presented briefing B-265 to the US Air Force?
What kind of architecture does P-2626 cover?
What was the US Air Force interested in? 
How were messages delivered before implementation? 
What was the Air Force interested in for their message system? 
Did Baran develop this "only" for use by the Air Force?
Did the RAND corporation retain any of the research?
If this was developed for the US Air Force, then does the Air Force still technically
 Assuming the US Air Force paid for the development of the concept, then would the Air
Was the RAND corporation prohibited from disclosing the research to anyone else except for the Air Force
What was developed for the RAND Corporation?
How does the corporation deliver these messages?
What is a general architecture for a large-scale, distributed communications network?
What concept did Baran research for the US Air Force?
How did Baran use this network?
In what year was the National Physical Laboratory founded?
What is the more accessible name for the internet?
What is the more accessible name for the internet?
The Ministry of Defense discussed what in 1966?
In what year did Donald Davies start working with Baran?
In what year did Donald Davies start working with Baran?
In what year did Davies first speak about Baran's work?
What is the more accessible name for the internet?
Why does a worldwide network as opposed to simply a UK only network?
What is the more accessible name for the internet?
What did Lawrence Roberts suggest the system be used for?
What is the more accessible name for the internet?
Who did Davies tell about Baran's work?
What is the more accessible name for the system Baran used?
What results in out of order delivery?
While packets are labeled correctly what can happen to them?
What kind of system does the system have to do for every packet?
Where is the data reassembled? 
What is a virtual connection also known as?
Can a packet be sent incomplete?
What is the sequence number of a packet?
Each packet is labeled with what number?
What kind of system does the system have to do in connection set-up?
Each packet is labeled with what number?
How are the messages routed?
What needs to be looked up in the packet header?
What is included in the data in connectionless mode?
What needs to be established before a packet is transferred?
What is the process in which packets are negotiated between endpoints?
In the connection setting-up phase, what is only transferred to each node?
What is a different for different packets?
What must be negotiated in order for the values for service parameters to be accepted?
What does the packets include?
What do the signaling protocols allow the application to find?
What is the process in which a packet is sent out?
What is only transferred to each node during the connection set-up phase?
What is only transferred to each node during the connection set-up phase?
What is only transferred to each node during the connection set-up phase?
What needs to be established before a packet is transferred?
Besides length, timestamp, or sequence number, what is a different for different packets?
What does the packets include?
Frame Relay uses what kind of interface?
Frame Relay uses what kind of interface?
Frame Relay uses what kind of interface?
Frame Relay uses what kind of interface?
Frame Relay uses what kind of interface?
Frame Relay uses what kind of interface?
Frame Relay uses what kind of interface?
Frame Relay uses what kind of interface?
Frame Relay uses what kind of interface?
Frame Relay uses what kind of interface?
How many different network technologies where there before 1973?
What type of network does SITA HLN use?
X.25 had a simpler what?
X.25 had less functionality because of what?
What defined the differences between the ARPANET and SITA HLN?
After the introduction of X.25 in 1973, how many network technologies had been developed
In UDP, the network guarantees what?
What suite uses UDP?
In a virtual call system, the hosts have what responsibility?
Apple Inc. created what in 1985?
What was the purpose of the suite developed in 1985? 
Why was AppleTalk considered plug-n-play? 
What created a centralized router or server?
If only Apple devices utilize this suite? 
AppleTalk was developed in what year for who?
How were local area networks established with Appletalk?
AppleTalk was what kind of system?
What protocol was popular in the 1980s and 90s for Apple?
What alternative to ARPANET was developed? 
Did the CYCLADES develop the first system to make hosts responsible for delivery of
What concepts influenced the later ARPANET?
Who had influenced the CYCLADES packet switching network?
What types of alternatives did CYCLADES give?
Who developed the French research network, the CYCLADES packet?
Why was it developed in what year?
It was the first network to make the hosts responsible for what?
How did the network deliver the data?
DECnet stands for what?
What is DECnet?
What sort of protocols were developed? 
In what decade was DECnet a networking powerhouse?
Late published versions were utilized by who?
When was DECnet released?
Initially built with three layers, how many layers did DEC evolve to have?
DEC became a networking powerhouse in the 1980s for what reason?
DECnet protocols were designed by who?
What versions of the DECnet protocol were developed outside of DEC?
Who lost money?
What work was completed at Dartmouth? 
What was the worlds first commercial online service?
What kind of computer service bureaus did GE sell in 1965?
What was Warner correct about?
These four computer sales and service centers are seen as what?
Sinback worked with what college on a time-sharing system?
What was Sinback's job at GE in 1965?
State educational and economic development where helped by what?
Where was the packet-switched network first demonstrated? 
What was the triad? 
What was eventual Merits role? 
How many joined the "network"? 
After the University of Ann Arbor and Wayne State University, who was the third university to
When was Merit Network, Inc. formed by Michigan's public universities?
Why was the Michigan Educational Research Information Trio formed?
What did Merit Network start in the mid-1980s?
MIT helped the network enhance what?
In what year was Telenet founded?
In what year was Telenet founded?
In what year was Telenet founded?
Why was Telenet purchased in what year? 
AT&T bought the technology for what reason? 
When Telenet financed the project, what technology did they use?
In what year was Telenet founded?
What was the AT&T monopoly's reaction to Telenet?
What business was incorporated in what year?
How did Tymnet use?
private networks were connected via gateways for what reason? 
Who suggested the name of Tymnet? 
Dial up or dedicated async connections connected who? 
How did Tymnet use?
How did Tymnet use?
The public network business allowed government agencies to do what?
How was Tymnet connected to dozens of other public networks?
How did Tymnet use?
Tymnet consisted of a large public network that supported who?
What was implemented with an X.25 interface? 
What was sold to foreign PTTs?
DNIC allowed a host to do what? 
The Deutsce Bundespost bought what kind of interface look a likes? 
X.75 networks were helped by what? 
How were TRANSPAC and TYMNET modified?
Bell Northern Research developed DATAPAC as a joint venture between which two companies?
Who did Northern Telecom sell DATAPAC clones to?
DATAPAC and TRANSPAC were initially implemented with what kind of interface?
X.75 and X.121 allowed what to happen?
What did AUSTPAC start? 
On-line betting was supported by what network frame?
What types of access did AUSTPAC provide? 
Who had remote terminal access? 
The Australian Tax Office used AUSTPAC for what reason? 
Telstra started what in the early '80s?
The Australian Tax Office used AUSTPAC to access what remotely?
What applications did AUSTPAC support?
What was the Australian public X.25 network operated by Telstra?
What was confusing within KPN?
Datanet 1 also referred to what? 
What did the name Datanet 1 only refer to?
What was considered to be correct for the services given out by KPN?
Who managed Datanet 1 for KPN?
What did the public PAD service Telepad use?
What service used the network and modified PAD devices?
What was the Dutch name for Datanet 1?
Though the name was correct, all these services were managed by who?
What was considered to be a major milestone?
Who spread awareness of national networking? 
Who benefited from CSNET?
When did the Computer Science Network begin operating?
Extended networking benefits helped those that could not connect to what platform? 
When did the Computer Science Network begin operating?
What was the purpose of NSF?
Why did academic and research institutions need NSF's help connecting to ARPANET
ARPANET played a significant role in what?
The CAFE was a major milestone for what?
Who is responsible for Internet2?
What year did Internet2 announce it would launch a new nationwide network?
Internet2 became what in 2007? 
Who is responsible for Internet2?
What year was the first Internet2 network created?
What year was the first Internet2 network created?
Who did Internet2 partner with to boost their capacity from 10 Gbit/s to
Who is responsible for Internet2?
What year was the first Internet2 network created?
When was the National Science Foundation Network founded?
Promoted research in 1985 led to what? 
 Original intent of NFS funding was to accomplish what task? 
Public and private funding led to what development? 
When was the National Science Foundation Network founded?
When did the National Science Foundation Network begin?
NSFNET developed into what through public funding and private partnerships?
What was constructed to supported NSFNET in 1985-1999?
Why was the NSFNET initially created?
When did the vBNS come on line?
What kind of relationship did MCI Telecommunications and NSF have?
What kind of cooperative agreement did MCI Telecommunications and NSF have?
How many places of research and engineering institutions were connected by the vBNS?
When was OC-48c upgraded? 
When did the vBNS come on line?
What kind of agreement did MCI Telecommunications and NSF have?
The vBNS grew to connect how many universities?
The vBNS installed one of the first in what year?
How many points of presence did the vBNS have by 1998?
When did the Black Death arrive in Crimea?
What was the most likely cause of the Black Death?
What percentage of Europe's total population was killed by the Black Death?
What percentage of Europe's total population was killed by the Black Death?
When did the Black Death arrive in Crimea?
What is the grave of Nestorian burial?
When did a large number of natural disasters and plagues cause famine?
How many people lived in China in the 15s?
What is common in the populations of Yersinia pestis?
What is common in populations of Yersinia pestis?
In what year did Genoese traders become leader of the Mongol army?
In what year was Kaffa founded?
Who else besides Genoa traded with Kaffa?
To what city in the Crimea did the Genoese traders flee to?
Who's infected corpse was one of the ones catapulted over the walls of Kaff
In what year did the plague spread to Europe?
When did the disease spread to Europe?
In what year did the Black Death spread into northwestern Russia?
Who did the Kingdom of Poland trade with?
What was one of the countries that had isolated alpine villages?
In what year did the plague begin in Alexandria?
Where did the residents of Gaza flee to due to the plague?
In what years did the infection spread to the people of Asia Minor?
What was one of the cities that had a port on the Black Sea?
In what country was the plague eradicated?
In what year did the name "black death" spread into Denmark?
In what year did the Black Death spread into Denmark?
In what year was Gasquet born?
Denmark started calling the plague the Black Death in what year?
When did the Latin name atra mors first appear?
What year did the king of France send a report to the medical faculty blaming the heavens
What actually caused the plague?
What year did the king of France send a report to the medical faculty blaming the heavens
What year did the king of France send a report to the medical faculty blaming the heavens
When did the plague theory attribute the outbreak to Yersinia pestis?
In what year did Alexandre Yersin discover the Yersinia pestis?
In what year was the investigation of Yersinia pestis discovered?
In what year was Yersinia pestis usually transmitted?
When was Yersinia pestis transmitted?
In what year did Francis Aidan Gasquet write about the 'Great Pestil
In what year did Gasquet write about the 'Great Pestilence'?
When was the second book published?
When was the second book published?
What color is the sputum of those suffering from septicemic plague sufferers
What is the mortality rate for a modern bubonic plague?
What is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague?
What percent of people who contract the bubonic plague die within eight days?
What percent of people who contract the bubonic plague die within eight days?
What year did PLoS Pathogens publish a paper about Yersinia pestis?
What year was research completed into Yersinia pestis?
In what year was a paper published about Yersinia pestis?
What year did PLoS Pathogens publish a paper about Yersinia pestis?
In what month was Drancourt and Raoult's research published in 2010?
In what year was Marseille founded?
In what year did the second wave of the plague hit the Netherlands?
What was one of the Hanseatic cities?
In what month in 1349 did the second wave of the plague reach England?
In what country did the Y. p. orientalis genome originate?
In what year was the Haensch study completed?
Who wrote the study published in Nature in October 2011?
What was Haensch's first name?
In what year did Schuenemann et al. conclude that the Black Death
Who first came up with the bubonic plague theory?
When did the plague theory first challenge?
In what year was Graham Twigg's first major work to challenge the bubonic plague
Who came up with the term Black Death?
When did Samuel K. Cohn, Jr. write his first book?
In what year did the plague begin in England?
In what year was the Domesday Book written?
What is the Domesday Book about?
In what year did the Domesday Book enter England?
What is the average death rate for the Black Death?
What is the average death rate for the Black Death?
How was the Black Death spread in Europe?
What is the pattern of the Black Death that is much faster than that of modern bub
What is the average death rate for the Black Death?
Twigg and Norman Cantor both think the cause was a combination of anthrax and what
What type of scientist is Barney Sloane?
Who was one of the scientists for Public Health England in 2014?
In what year was Scott and Duncan's research published?
Twigg and Norman Cantor both think the cause was a combination of anthrax and what
How many people lived in Paris at the start of the Black Death?
In what country is Florence?
Where did the plague originate?
What percentage of monks and priests died from the Black Death?
What percentage of the population of Egypt died from the Black Death?
What is Geoffrey Parker's first name?
When did the Second Pandemic end?
Where is France from?
Where is the plague retreating from?
How many people died from the Plague in France?
What percentage of the population was killed in the 1471 plague?
What was the death rate for the entire population in 1471?
When did the Great Plague of London begin?
What was the population of England in 1300?
What was the death rate for the entire population in 1471?
What percentage of the population of Amsterdam died of the plague in 1623–25?
How many people lived in Venice at the start of the plague outbreak in 1576?
What percentage of London residents died of the plague in 1563?
Who did the Black Death fight during the years 1350 to 1490?
How many people died as a result of the plague in Paris?
In what country is Seville located?
What was one of the allies of Russia in the Great Northern War?
What percentage of the population of Italy died of the plague in the 17th century?
What was the population of Naples?
In what country is the plague most often reported to have killed?
In what year did the residents of Constantinople first become affected by the plague?
How many people lived in Algiers in 1620-21?
How many people died of the plague in Algiers society in the 1620s
How many times did the plague visit Constantinople?
How many times did the plague visit Ottoman society before 1750?
What are three types of rock?
What three types of rock are there?
When a rock crystallizes from melt, it is what?
What type of rock can be weathered, eroded, and lithified?
When is the process of rock being re-melted?
What three types of rock are there?
What are three types of rock?
What type of rock can be weathered and lithified?
What type of rock can be weathered and lithified?
What type of rock can be weathered and lithified?
When was the most important discovery about thermal boundaries made?
What is the asthenosphere?
What is the relationship between the oceans and the mantle?
What is involved in sea current coupling?
What is the relationship between rigid plates and the earth's mantle?
What is the geologic term for the earth's lithosphere?
Why do oceanic plates and mantle convection currents move in opposite directions?
What is the relationship between the oceans and the mantle?
What is the asthenosphere?
What is the term for the earth's lithosphere?
What did the theory regarding the San Andreas fault do?
What kind of regions of geologic features could be explained as?
What happened as a result of earthquakes and earthquakes that are transform boundaries?
What keeps the theory of plate tectonics going?
What does the theory of plate tectonics help with?
What is the power of plate tectonics?
What are the geologic regions of the earth known as?
What is the mechanism for plate tectonics?
What type of fault was the San Andreas fault fault fault?
What do seismologists use to study the interior of the earth?
What kind of inner core did shear waves create?
By how many kilometers are shear waves separated when measuring the crust?
What kind of view has the new layered model shown?
In the layered Earth model, what is the inner core separated by?
What is the layer called?
What kind of layer was the earth covered with?
What is the layered model of the earth?
The first scale shows the entire time from the formation of the Earth to the present?
The second scale shows the most recent eon with an expanded scale?
Which scale compresses the most recent era?
Where is the Quaternary further expanded since it is very short with short epochs
Why is the Holocene shown clearly on the first timeline?
What is the largest eon?
The first scale shows the entire time from the formation of the Earth to the present?
How many epochs are there?
The first scale shows the entire time from the formation of the Earth to the present?
What is the name of the epoch expanded in the fourth scale?
What principle helps find the difference between a normal or thrust fault?
What are key beds younger than?
What needs to be found to find out if rocks are related?
What is the age of key beds if they are related to a fault and cut?
What does cutting a key bed help an older rock form?
What is the key bed?
What principle helps define the key bed?
Why are cut rocks on top of a fault younger than the fault?
What is a fault?
What can you say about a fault that penetrates the top rocks but not the lower
What must be the age of the inclusions in a formation?
Where is the gravel from that is found in xenoliths?
What happens to the gravel found in xenoliths?
What must be the age of the inclusions in a formation?
What must be the age of the inclusions in a formation?
Why do older rocks use gravel?
What are xenoliths made out of?
What must be the age of the inclusions found in a formation?
What is the matrix?
What must be the age of the inclusions found in a formation?
Why is the principle of faunal succession uncertain?
What is the principle of faunal succession based on?
As organisms are at the same time period as humans, their presence can be used to
When did Charles Darwin write his theory of evolution independently of what?
Why is the principle of faunal succession uncertain?
When did Charles Darwin write his theory of evolution independently of what?
When did Charles Darwin write his theory of evolution independently of what?
Why is the principle of faunal succession complex?
Why is it easy to use an organism's presence to show the age of a formation
When did Charles Darwin write his theory of evolution independently of what?
When did geologic science begin to obtain absolute dates?
What did using fossils help change for scientists?
Using radioactive isotopes and what other method allowed geologic scientists to obtain absolute dates?
What has it now become possible to do when dating isotopes while using fossils?
What can scientists apply relative rock sections to to find isotopes?
What method did geologic scientists use to obtain absolute ages?
Using radioactive isotopes and what other method allowed geologic scientists to obtain absolute dates?
What did stratigraphic correlation replace?
Real ages had to be converted into what?
What method did geologic scientists use to obtain absolute ages?
What minerals are used in geologic applications?
What minerals are used in geologic applications?
Thermochemical techniques can be used to determine what?
What minerals are used in geologic applications?
Besides geochronologic studies, what are studies of radioactive elements used in geoch
What minerals are used in geologic applications?
Thermochemical techniques can be used to determine what?
What minerals are used in geologic applications?
What do geologic tools can be used to determine the ages of sedimentary rock units
Besides uranium-lead dating, potassium-argon dating and uranium-thorium dating
When rock units are placed under horizontal compression, they become thicker than what?
What is the only way that rock units change in volume?
Along with the principle of superposition, what type of rock can cause older rocks to
In the shallow crust, what happens to rock?
What is another name for the folds in the rock?
When rock units are placed under horizontal compression, they become thicker than what?
What principle of superposition can cause older rocks to move on top of older ones?
Where do rock units in the earth tend to fold instead of faulting?
When rock units are placed under horizontal compression, they become thicker than what?
What is another name for the folds in the folds?
What is the French word for "boudins"?
Where can lower rocks of the Grand Canyon be seen?
When rock units at the depth are metamorphosed, what happens to the rock?
Why does the rock units as a whole become longer and thinner?
Where do normal faults drop rock units that are higher than those that are lower?
If rock units are lower than what other unit, they tend to fall off?
How long is a boudin?
How long is the Grand Canyon?
What can you see in the Grand Canyon?
What was the stretched sequence in the Grand Canyon named?
What happens with new rock units being added to the rock unit?
What happens when new rock units are added to the rock unit?
Along with volcanism and igneous activity, what are two examples of what?
What does motion along dike swarms maintain?
What does continuous motion along dike swarms create for sediment to be deposited?
Along with faulting and other deformational processes, what process changes the rock unit?
The creation of topographic gradients causes what?
What causes the topographic gradients to collapse?
Where are dikes often formed?
What is an example of dike forming?
What kind of rock remains in place?
Along with sedimentary, volcanic, and intrusive rock from the southwestern United States, what
Stone from the southwestern United States has been metamorphosed, faulted, foliated
What is hard to find about the origin of Grand Canyon rock unless analyzed in a lab
What kind of rock is the oldest known rock in the world?
What is the oldest rock to metamorphosize?
What kind of rock remains in the southwestern United States?
What kind of rock remains in the southwestern United States?
What kind of rock is found in the Hawaiian Islands?
What was formed after the undeformed units were deposited?
What are geologists called?
What are three types of research done by geologists?
What are three types of research done by geologists?
What do geologists study?
What are geologists called?
What are geologists called?
What do geologists study?
What do geologists study?
What do geologists study?
What do geologists study?
What is another technique for identifying rock in the laboratory?
What method is used to identify rocks in the laboratory?
What is used in optical mineralogy analysis?
What is used in optical mineralogy analysis?
What is used in optical mineralogy analysis?
Besides radioactive isotope studies, what studies provide insight into the geochemical evolution of rock
What is analyzed in the electron microprobe?
What is used in optical mineralogy analysis?
What method is used to identify rocks in the laboratory?
What is used in optical mineralogy analysis?
What can you use to study mineral phases?
What can you use to study different mineral phases?
What can you use to study mineral phases?
What else can magma flows be used to understand?
What can experiments be used to explain besides magma crystallization?
What does the magma chamber evolution explain?
What processes occur above the earth?
What can you use to study different mineral phases?
What can you use to study mineral phases?
In what setting do structural geologists reconstruct the crystalline structure of rocks?
What experiments are used to reconstruct rock deformation? 
Why do geologists plot crystals under a microscope?
What information does history of rock deformation give about crystal structure?
What do structural geologists do with measurements of rocks in crystals?
What does the orientation of the thin sections tell geologists?
How do geologists identify the measurements of a geological structure?
What does the deformation of a rock tell geologists?
What experiment can be performed on large settings that cannot be on small settings?
What instrument is used to perform analogy and numerical experiments?
What do Numerical models use?
Numerical models in the mountain belt are often more advanced and what?
Numerical models in the mountain belt are often more advanced and what?
Besides pressure, temperature, and space, what can be used in studying the properties of
What are orogenic wedges?
What is the technique in which horizontal layers of sand are pulled along a lower surface?
Numerical models are often more sophisticated than what other model?
What are orogenic wedges?
Besides measuring the relationship between erosion and what other factor?
Numerical models in the mountain belt are often more advanced and what?
What do stratigraphers analyze in the lab?
What is an example of what is analyzed by stratigraphers in the lab?
What do drill cores show about terrain location?
What can drill cores and ancient processes be combined to show?
What do Stratigraphers use to reconstruct?
What are taken from the laboratory into the field?
What shows the location of drill cores?
What computer program allows stratigraphers to view the subsurface in three dimensions
What are well logs?
What are ancient processes used to do?
What do geochronologists analyze fossils from drill cores for?
What do outcrop samples help magnetic stratigraphers to date?
What do biostratigraphers want to understand about past climate?
What do geochronologists precisely date?
What do Magnetic stratigraphers look for in drill cores?
What are found in fossils?
What helps scientists to date fossils?
What do Magnetic stratigraphers use isotopes to study?
Where is the stratigraphic section?
What type of studies do Geochronologists perform?
Where did Fielding H. Garrison believe the origin of geology science was?
When did Abu al-Rayhan al-Biruni write his first book?
What literature did Ibn Sina draw from that was destroyed by Muslims?
What did Shen Kuo, who lived from 1031-1095 base his hypothesis
How did Shen Kuo believe land was formed?
When did the Muslim conquests end?
When did the Muslim conquests end?
What did al-Rayhan al-Biruni write about?
What did Ibn Sina base his writings on?
When was Shen Kuo born?
When was James Hutton born?
When was the Royal Society of Edinburgh founded?
What did James Hutton present in 1785?
What was the theory the James Hutton presented?
Why did the Royal Society think the Earth was older than previously thought?
When was James Hutton born?
When was the Royal Society of Edinburgh formed?
Why did Hutton believe the earth needed to be much younger than previously believed?
Who was the first modern geologist?
When did Hutton publish?
In what year was the first geological map of the United States made?
In what year was the first geological map of the United States made?
How many times did Maclure traverse the Allegheny Mountains?
What memoir did William Smith write that was published in the Society's Transactions?
In what year was the first geological map of the United States made?
In what year was the first geological map of the United States made?
How many times did Maclure traverse the Allegheny Mountains?
What year was Maclure's memoir published?
In what year was the first geological map of the United States made?
How long was William Smith's geological map of England made?
What did Sir Charles Lyell publish in 1830?
What did Charles Darwin successfully promote?
What does catastrophism believe is still occurring today?
What did people think about catastrophism during Charles Darwin's time?
What did Hutton believe was formed in one catastrophic event?
What book did Sir Charles Lyell publish in 1830?
What idea by Charles Lyell was widely accepted at the time of publication?
When was Sir Charles Lyell born?
Whom was Charles Lyell influenced by?
Lyell's book helped to publicize what view?
Where did the pharma often sell medicine?
What did the Greek root pharmakos imply?
What else was used by pharmas?
In what century was the term pharma first used?
What are some of the professionals in medicine?
What are some of the professionals in medicine?
What other role do many pharmacists own?
What are some of the professionals in medicine?
What do pharmacists know about a drug?
Who is responsible for the administration of pharmacy professionals in the UK?
In the UK, a pharmacist must first become a professional in what field?
Who is the head of pharmacy professionals in the UK?
What types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician be responsible for?
Who is a man studying medicinal properties of plants in Ancient Greece?
What is Pedanius Dioscorides known for?
What is the name of the Latin translation of Dioscorides' book?
Who was removed from Dioscorides' book in the Islamic Golden Age?
Who was the only man to study medicinal properties of plants in Ancient Greece?
What removed a hierarchical structure?
Which two codes were the roles of pharmacists destroyed?
Where did the pharmacist stand in relation to the Emperor?
What role was respected during the Asuka period?
Who had some influence in promoting the use of chemical compounds as medicines?
Who could read the Liber servitoris?
Who wrote about the distillation of sea water from drinking water?
Which two compounds did Al-Muwaffaq combine?
Which scientists avoided the creation of pharmacology in modern Islam?
When was the oldest pharmacy set up?
When was the oldest pharmacy set up?
When was the oldest pharmacy set up?
What sorts of items are still displayed in the Esteve Pharmacy museum?
What is the dispensary subject to in a majority of countries?
What do pharmacy technicians depend on more and less?
What does pharmacy legislation never mandate?
What is the latest trend in pharmacists staying in the dispensary?
What are responsibilities pharmacy technicians often deal with?
In addition to pharmacy school, what type of training can pharmacists obtain after taking a
What are pharmacists often referred to as?
In addition to pharmacy school, what type of training can pharmacists obtain after taking a
In addition to pharmacy school, what type of training can pharmacists obtain after taking a
Where can hospital pharmacies often be found?
What kind of medicine is usually found in hospital pharmacies?
What type of compounding process do hospital pharmacies use?
The high cost of medications and pharmacy services make it imperative that hospital pharmacies perform at the
What type of medicine can often be found in hospital pharmacies?
What is the origin of clinical pharmacy?
Who do clinical pharmacists often work with?
What do clinical pharmacists participate in?
Where are clinical pharmacists allowed to work with patients?
What's a comprehensive drug therapy plan for patients?
What does the review process often take to determine a drug's appropriateness?
What does the review process often take to determine the appropriateness of drugs?
What are some other factors a pharmacist can monitor?
Federal health care professionals are given full independent prescribing authority in what manner?
In addition to prescriptive and diagnostic authority, what two things are given by pharmac
When was ambulatory care pharmacy approved as its own certification?
Federal health care professionals are given full independent prescribing authority in what manner?
What will a pharmacist who passes the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called?
What is consultant pharmacy concerned with?
Where do a minority of consultant pharmacists tend to work?
What are some large pharmacy management companies?
What is the secondary reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients?
What do some community pharmacies do?
When did internet pharmacies begin to begin to end?
Who can operates internet pharmacies?
What are internet pharmacies called?
What is a reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy?
What is no different between online pharmacies and community pharmacies?
In addition to prescription drugs, what drug does some customers order from online pharmacies?
What drug does not require a prescription?
What is a requirement of online pharmacies that issue drugs without a prescription?
What drug does not require a prescription?
In what way do people in the internet obtain controlled substances without a prescription?
Who does not define what constitutes a patient-doctor relationship?
In what way do people in the internet obtain controlled substances without a prescription?
What conditions can be met to prescribe a controlled substance?
What is an obligation of a pharmacy filling a prescription?
What is a reason for the movement to legalize importing medicines from other countries?
What is one country that can be suggested for importation of medicines?
Who are FDA laws against importing medications not aimed at?
Why is there a push for the U.S. to reduce consumer drug costs?
What two things can pharmacy informatics bring together?
What fields may pharmacy informatics work in?
Whose needs will the growth in pharmacy informatics damage?
What areas are pharmacy informatics prepared to work in?
What needs to be stored in the specialty pharmacy?
How many drugs approved by the FDA in 2013 were specialty drugs?
What is a complex disease that specialty pharmacies supply?
What needs to be stored in the specialty pharmacy?
Who do some jurisdictions say can give scheduled drugs to the public?
What body has stated that physicians can dispense drugs under specific conditions?
How are pharmacists regulated?
Where are some physicians permitted to prescribe and give out medications within their practices?
What is another country that permits physicians to give out drugs from within their practice?
What is the minimum distance a patient can travel in a rural area?
What is the maximum distance between a patient's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a
Why is majority rule avoided?
Who has a financial interest in "diagnosing"?
What do rules about conflict of interest involving doctors diagnosing patients resemble?
Where might the doctor's self-interest be equivalent with the patient's self ofinterest
What does a physician have a financial interest in?
What will be the importance of the pharmacist in past decades?
 pharmacists are increasingly expected to be compensated for what?
Medication Therapy Management is what type of medicine?
What three forms of medicine are currently available for purchase?
What outcomes are expected with Medication Therapy Management?
In Canada, pharmacists in certain provinces have what kind of rights?
Who can pay Australian pharmacists for doing Home Medicines Reviews?
In addition to medicine use reviews, what are pharmacists being paid for by the government
In the United States, pharmaceutical care can have an impact on what?
What is the profession of pharmacists in Canada?
What are two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English-speaking countries?
Until what century was the show globe also used?
The Bowl of Hygieia is often used in the Netherlands for what?
What is the German word for pharmacy?
What is the German word for pharmacy?
What is the definition of people adopting a Communist government?
What did the Velvet revolution hope to accomplish in India?
Whose occupation did the Egyptians resist in the 1919 Rose Revolution?
To what countries did the 2004 Revolution want to bring independence to from Russia?
In what country was the 2004 Velvet Revolution?
What play by Antigone, demonstrates civil disobedience?
Who is the father of Antigone?
Who does Antigone defy?
Why does Antigone defy Creon in the play?
What must Antigone do instead of following the king's will?
In what year was the Peterloo massacre?
What was written by Percy Shelley in 1819?
The phrase "The Mask of Anarchy" is a reference to what?
What theme does Percy Shelley begin The Mask of Anarchy with?
What would Gandhi quote to audiences in India?
What had Vice President Agnew always suffered from? 
What had happened to Vice President Agnew's status in modern times?
What did Marshall Cohen note about crime?
Along with muggers, arsonists, draft evaders, and what other type of
What is the job of the Vice President Agnew?
Who wrote that its difficult to formulate a definition of grammatical niceties?
What did LeGrande write about grammatical niceties?
What are you surrounded with if trying to study about violence in society?
How much has been written about the subject of civil disobedience?
What two things does LeGrande encourage people to distinguish between peaceful protest and violent civil
How many public agencies conflict under the rules of civil disobedience?
What else does an agency have a relationship with under the civil disobedience definition?
What is a constitutional impasse?
What group promotes using conflict to decide cases?
A constitutional impasse pertains to how a citizen relates to the state and what?
What was the taxman's political philosophy?
What was the government the final judge of?
Who did the government refuse to pay?
What did the government want Thoreau to do?
Thoreau admits that government may express the will of the majority but it may not
Who believed that civil disobedience should only be used against governmental entities?
What two groups do trade unions think civil disobedience is justified against?
When is civil disobedience justified against certain groups according to trade unions?
In what other way can disobedience be applied to international organizations and governments?
When do some people believe civil disobedience is justified?
What must be revealed in order for a lawbreaking act to be considered?
What did Shiphrah and Puah say they were hiding?
What did Shiphrah and Puah say they were hiding?
What did Shiphrah and Puah say they were hiding in their house?
What did Shiphrah and Puah say they were hiding in their house?
What action by Christian Bay helps a society tolerate civil disobedience?
What is one thing that rebellion must have in Black's Law Dictionary?
What does Christian Bay write that civil disobedience requires?
What does Black's Law Dictionary say that rebellion doesn't have to be?
What is the result of rebellion according to Black's Law Dictionary?
Revolutionary civil disobedience does not have to be what?
What is a non-revolutionary civil disobedience?
What does Thoreau liken civil disobedience to?
What does Thoreau liken civil disobedience to?
What did Deák direct the Hungarians to do?
What took place during the Roman War?
Some activists who commit civil disobedience collectively refuse to sign bail unless certain demands are met?
Some activists who commit civil disobedience collectively refuse to sign bail unless certain demands are met?
How was the event covered when Jews were arrested by tax collectors?
When was the essay written by Thoreau published?
How long did Julia Butterfly Hill live near a nuclear-missile installation?
What did Julia Butterfly Hill live in to prevent it from being cut down?
What type of act is often considered a form of civil disobedience?
What company was Bedau a part of while breaking the law by bringing medicine to Iraq
What type of act is often considered a nuisance?
What did Joseph Haas send to the city council in New Hampshire?
What did Joseph Haas tell the city council to do in New Hampshire?
What happened to Joseph Haas after he sent the e-mail?
What court case was eventually the result of Joseph Haas sending and e-mail to the
How can you protest against the government and its policies as an individual?
What form of civil disobedience is more difficult for a system to function?
What is using moral dialogue considered when not following the law?
What action did Brownlee take against GCSB Waihopai that caused them
What method does the government use to get their issue heard?
Why does the government restrain itself when engaging in disobedience?
What applies to both collecting taxes and searching property?
Why do some people find it hard to talk to a tax agent?
Some civil disobedients seek to make an impression on the officers?
What does someone diagnosed as a maniac need to decide  when dealing with police?
What did Thoreau believe about talking to police officers?
Why do civil disobedients want to accept punishment?
What do civil disobedients accept about the role of government?
While anarchists favor government, what do they believe in?
What do civil disobedients feel they must accept as a consequence of their actions in
Why does government exist according to anarchists?
A plea of not guilty is what if a civil disobedient wants to plead guilty?
A plea of not guilty sends a message of what?
What do some people think ACT UP's duty should be when caught?
What do people pleading no contest believe about defending themselves?
A plea of no contest is what if a civil disobedient wants to plead guilty?
What was sponsored by Francis Heisler in August 1957?
Where did Francis Heisler plan to have her protest?
How many missles were at the nuclear test site?
How many protesters were arrested in Nevada?
What was given in exchange of reentering the test site grounds?
How often do protesters choose to go to jail?
What should the spirit of protest be maintained all the way?
What must be eliminated in order for the neo-conservative insistence on a guilty plea to
What does following the rules help to preserve with a protest?
What does being a Conservative do to the seriousness of a protest?
In the Camden 28, a plea bargain might be offered to a civil disobedients
In the Camden 28, a plea bargain can be given to a civil disobedients
In mass arrest situations, what do the activists use to secure a plea bargain?
Mahandas Gandhi pleaded guilty to what?
Mahandas Gandhi pleaded guilty to what?
What do some civil disobedience defendants choose to do in allocution?
In what do civil disobedience defendants often make a defiant speech?
By how much did the Navy increase the defendant's sentence?
Some of the protesters complained about what?
In the US v. Burgos-Andujar, why was a member of
What kind of defense did the Chicago Eight use in Vietnam War?
What must be true of a crime in a technical defense?
What must be the main goal of a technical defense?
What must be the main goal of a technical defense?
What did the judge have to let the jurors know about in the Chicago Eight case?
While might disobedience be perceived as encouraging, it is not what?
What must be the attitude of conscientious lawbreakers towards breaking the law?
While might disobedience be perceived as encouraging, it is not what?
While might disobedience be perceived as encouraging, it is not what?
While might disobedience be perceived as encouraging, it is not what?
Courts often refused to excuse what type of civil disobedience?
What does direct civil disobedience do to the law that is being protested?
Who passed out educational leaflets in courtrooms during the Vietnam War?
What did Carter Wentworth hand out in court to escape prosecution?
What has been given to these activists?
What method of punishment can be used to reduce crime?
What method of punishment can be used to reduce crime?
Who has the power to decide whether to do so?
Brownlee says, "What must be the most important consideration in deciding a punishment?
Who has the right to decide whether to do so?
What involves limited production with a designated purchase? 
What usually takes place on location for an unknown client?
What does comprise 6 to nine percent of?
What three things are recommended before construction begins?
Where does manufacturing take place?
How much of a developed countries GDP does manufacturing comprise?
What involves mass production of similar items without designated planning?
How long does the process of manufacturing continue?
What three things do you need for manufacturing to happen?
What is primarily and independent effort?
What kind of person typically manages the construction aspect of a large scale construction?
What is the term for any large construction project?
What must be considered in order for a large scale construction project to be considered?
What requires collaboration across multiple disciplines?
What kind of person typically manages construction?
What kind of person typically manages construction?
What is the largest infrastructure in question referred to?
What is necessary for successfully completing  bidding on a project?
What are buildings, infrastructure and industrial?
What are the three sectors of construction typically divided into?
What sector includes large public works but not utility distribution?
What sector include buildings, infrastructure and refineries?
How many sectors of public works are there?
How is building construction further divided?
What are heavy civil or heavy engineering often called?
What are some examples of markets?
What can residential and non-residential also be broken into?
What is the trade magazine for the construction industry?
What is the trade magazine for the construction industry?
What is the ranking of the largest companies in the United States?
What is the ranking of the largest companies in the world?
What did ENR compile in 2014?
What is the trade magazine for the construction industry?
What are two things ENR compiles and reports?
What is the ranking of the largest companies in the United States?
What is the ranking of the largest companies in the United States?
In 2014, how many market segments did ENR compile?
What are the three building subsectors?
What Classification system is newer than the North American Industry Classification System?
Who has a classification system for all North American companies?
Who manages construction projects and assumes financial responsibility for completing them?
What systems classify businesses?
How are the differences in engineering  recognized?
How many construction subsectors are firms managing construction projects divided into?
What does heavy and civil engineering construction do when managing projects?
Who has a system for companies that have financial responsibility of completing a project?
What is the process of building construction?
Along with cost overruns and what other factor can cause some building construction projects to be
What must be done by those with experience in building construction?
Who is the owner of a property?
Who is the owner of a building?
What is the process of building construction?
What is the majority of building construction jobs that include adding a room to a building?
Besides cost overruns and what other factor often affects building construction?
Besides cost overruns and what other factor often affects building construction?
What must residential construction practices and regulations conform to?
Along with brick and stone, what materials are often available in the area?
What variable often determines the cost of housing in a square foot?
What needs to be done before residential construction can generate a lot of waste?
What needs to be done before residential construction can generate a lot of waste?
What year is Janjaap Ruijssenaars's build slated for?
What is the latest in 3D printing?
How long is 3D printing supposed to take to build a building?
How long does it take to build small commercial buildings?
As of January 2013 how quickly is building material being printed?
What often happens in the modern industrialized world?
What kind of design team can be assembled to plan and integrate the various parts of construction
What usually happens to the most cost efficient bidder in a contract?
What  are construction companies asked to plan?
What is the modern trend in design towards integration of previously separated specialties?
Who are the experts in all aspects of construction management?
What do all firms offer themselves as for a project?
What is a description of an associated company contract?
Along with design professionals, what other type of professionals were most likely to be involved in
What do partnering and construction management emphasize for the design-build process?
What helps the owner in design and construction?
Who's services do construction services integrate through design and construction?
What helps the owner during integration?
Because of integration what are growing beyond services of architects?
What can happen to construction projects when they have a serious financial problem?
What issue is common in the financial planning field?
What situation can arise even when the amount of funding is insufficient?
What guarantees a solid financial flow is in place before a project to assure its completion?
What happens to construction projects when they ask for too much money to complete the project?
What do accountants study regarding the project?
What is eliminated after the equity in the property?
 Proper valuations happened in a government project because of what by the owner?
Who is the most obvious source of funding for a building construction project?
What is the most obvious source of funding for a building construction project?
What must a project adhere to in both zoning and building codes?
What must the owner of a building adhere to in order to avoid a collapse?
What do some legal requirements come from?
What might an attorney seek changes in the law that governs the building?
What might an attorney seek changes in the law that governs the land where the building will
What's a complex net of?
What is the time element in construction between two or more parties?
A delay in construction can cost how much?
A treaty must be designed to ensure that each side is capable of performing what obligations set
What do bad time elements lead to?
What needs to be ameliorated in order for relationship-gathering to be
What two things does relationship contracting entail?
What two things does PPP stand for?
What is another name for public-private partnerships?
What needs to be ameliorated in order for relationship-gathering to be
What continues until the building is well established and recognized?
With common construction procurement, what does the main contractor act as?
What are three things the role of the main contractor is?
How are the client and subcontractor linked?
What is the relationship between the architect and the subcontractor?
What does the owner produce to let everyone see the project's goals?
What does the owner produce to show how to attain the goals?
Before they hire a contractor, what do the D&B contractors also do about a
Who is usually hired for a design-bid-build contract?
What happens in a phase 2 contract?
What happens before the foundation is dug and when a final inspection is passed?
What must be done before construction can begin on a building?
What does digging a foundation reduce damage to?
What is done by the municipal building inspector when inspecting the building?
What do municipal building inspectors inspect during building construction?
What was the unemployment rate for the construction industry in April 2013?
How much revenue does the construction industry have in 2014?
What is the average number of workers in the construction industry?
What is the average number of workers in the construction industry?
How many women were working in the construction industry as of 2011?
What was the average salary for a professional in the Middle East in 2010?
What do construction workers with 14 years of experience earn in the Middle East?
What is the average salary for a construction worker in the US/Canada?
Middle East and the Middle East have higher average salaries than in the UK?
What is due to the average earning for a professional?
What profession is one of the most dangerous in the world?
In 2009, what was the death rate for construction workers?
What is something you can use in the construction industry?
What is something that can lower the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry?
What is another name for accidents in the construction industry?
What is another name for private schools that aren't administered by local or nonstate governments
What are private schools also known as?
What is another name for private schools that aren't administered by local or national governments?
What is another name for private schools that aren't administered by local or nonstate governments
What is another name for private schools that aren't administered by local or national governments?
How much does it cost yearly to go to a UK university?
In Australia, the use of the term "secondary education" is often restricted to what
In Australia, the use of "secondary education" is often restricted to what two levels
What are schools called that charge tuition in Austraila?
What term does the UK, Australia and Canada always use when referring to universities?
What is the secondary level of secondary schools?
What is the secondary level of secondary schools?
What is high tuition often found in schools?
What is high tuition often found in schools?
What category are schools put into that maintains a line between academics and religion?
What do some Roman Catholic schools teach?
Why were Roman Catholic schools founded?
What is another term for schools that teach religious education outside of school?
What kind of status comes with going to a public school in Australia?
How well are teachers paid in public schools in Australia?
What kind of education is offered in public schools in Australia?
What kind of school does some schools offer that is not available to government schools?
What is required in Australia for public schools to function?
What denomination insists that students must also be a member of the founding church?
What category do all Catholic schools fall into?
Where do some Catholic schools fall in the price range?
How many churches have colleges in Sydney?
What do all independent schools insist their students have in order to attend?
In what article does it give Germany the right to create private schools?
When can the right to create private schools be taken away in other countries?
Why was the protection of private schools implemented in 1992?
What percentage of students in Germany attended private schools in 2008?
What percentage of students attended private schools in Germany in 1992?
What kind of institutions are run by private entities?
What kind of institutions are run by private entities?
What type of diploma do most schools offer?
What do Ersatzschulen have when trying to operate without regulation?
What kind of tuition is charged if you enroll in a Sonderungsverbot
What type of school is not available at public schools?
What are most public schools a part of?
What do public schools operate outside of in Germany?
How are public schools funded?
What group will often run a public school?
What are government schools also called in India?
In a strict sense, a private school is what?
What do the CBSE and the CISCe both have the power to govern?
How many independent schools are in India?
For what certificate does the legislature conduct examinations?
Who can run schools in India?
What is a form of license required by the government to run schools in India?
What is happening to the number of government schools in rural India?
What did the ASER report show about how people feel about private schools?
Who is responsible for school inspectors in India?
What is the Irish term for school fees?
How do private schools in the rest of the world differ from Ireland?
How are school fees in Ireland compared to Ireland?
What certificates must private schools worldwide work towards?
What is the average fee for a student in a public school in Ireland?
In what year did Malaysia institute English-medium schools?
How many people protested the school assimilation program in Malaysia?
What happened to schools after Malaysia's independence in 1957?
What type of schools would they have in Malaysia as a compromise after Chinese independence?
Who did the lands belong to in Malaysia after the school compromise?
Middle-class families often send their children to what school?
What is the quality of education in schools run by private parties?
What is the name of the public school that is operated by private parties?
What are the different types of schools that accept government funds?
Who are the private schools that are fully funded?
As of April 2014, how many private schools were in New Zealand?
How many private school students were there in April 2014?
How much of the student population went to private schools in April 2014?
What has happened to private school numbers since 2014?
Why have private schools been in decline since 2014?
How is St Andrew's College run?
What is operated by the Society of St Pius X in Wanganui?
What Catholic society in Wanganui is affiliated with Academic Colleges Group?
Where do private schools come from?
How many affiliates are connected to the Society of St Pius X?
What percentage of primary enrollment is in the public or private sector?
What is the per unit cost of a private school in the Philippines?
The Manual of Regulations for Private Schools was established in what year?
In what year was the Manual of Regulations for Private Schools released?
Who is left to pay for tuition and other school fees in the Education Service Contracting
Who is left to pay for tuition and other school fees in the Education Service Contracting
What type of highschool student can obtain financial assistance from the government?
Who is left to pay for tuition and other school fees in the Education Service Contracting
Who is left to pay for tuition and other school fees?
In what century was apartheid abolished?
What did missionaries cause to become law in 1996?
How did South Africa becoming independent change the laws about missionaries coming to Africa?
In what century was South Africa established as a country?
What has happened to the public education sector when managed by the government?
What school option were parents of minority children given to convert to?
What was abolished during the apartheid era?
What term is used for schools who accept only white children?
What kind of acedemic results do schools that only accept black children produce?
What do only white children have to pay when they go to school?
How many Swedish students were enrolled in public school in 2008?
How many students are in the Knowledge School?
How many schools does the Knowledge School have?
What opportunity did Sweden support for Swedish children?
How many schools does the Knowledge School have?
Who do preparatory schools in Scotland prepare to enter public schools?
What percentage of children educated in Scotland are at independent schools?
At what level are 9% of children in Scottish independent schools?
What type of school is becoming less common in Scotland?
What is the highest range a student would pay when boarding  in a Scottish school?
What court case desegregated schools in 1954?
In what year did the Brown v. Board of Education demand United States schools deseg
In what year did the Brown v. Board of Education come to a decision?
What kind of curriculum did public schools focus on for white students?
Numbers of what race of students increased in public schools before 1954?
What body would determine that funding for course content is forbidden?
What is course content funding subject to?
Why would course content funding be restricted by the courts?
What can be interpreted by individuals to determine if funding for course content is forbidden?
Who provides funding for private schools?
In what year did public schooling begin in Massachusetts?
In what year did public schooling begin in Massachusetts?
What must states set as the focus of their education policy?
Who was part of the case with Wisconsin in 1972?
What other person was involved in the case with Runyon in 1976?
In 2012, what was the yearly tuition of a private school in NYC?
What type of student body does the Groton School have?
What type of student body does the Groton School have?
In 2012, what was the yearly tuition of a private school in NYC?
How did the Groton School generate money?
In what year was the Harvard Corporation chartered?
Along with Congregationalist and Unitarian clergy, what clergy were trained by the
What was the curriculum and student body of Harvard in the 19th century?
What had Harvard been transformed into by the 19th century?
Who was President of Harvard from 1869-1909?
What kind of institution is Harvard?
How many libraries are in the Harvard library?
How many libraries are in the Harvard library?
How many people are considered to have been associated with Harvard?
How many people are considered to have lived at Harvard?
What is the financial endowment of Harvard?
How many students are located at Harvard's main campus?
How many academic units are located at Harvard's main campus?
How many students are located at Harvard's main campus?
How many students are located at Harvard's main campus?
What was the ship of John of London called?
In what year was Harvard College founded?
Who founded Cambridge in 1650?
In what year did the John of London visit Harvard College?
What university was John of London an alum of?
What group was trained at Cambridge in 1643?
In what year was the College founded?
What was the purpose of Cambridge when it was founded in 1643?
Who became clergymen in Congregational and Unitarian churches?
What churches were the graduates of Cambridge affiliated with after 1643?
In what year did David Tappan die?
What happened after Henry Ware and Samuel Webber died?
In what year was Henry Ware elected to the chair?
When did Calvinist parties and traditional ideas come to dominate universities?
What denomination was Henry Ware connected to?
Where were the writings of Louis Agassiz acclaimed in 1846?
What was Agassiz's approach considered?
What did Agassiz's perspective on science combine?
What was the assumption behind Plato's writings?
What evidence did Agassiz use to explain life-forms?
In what year did Eliot take back the position of Christianity from the curriculum?
In what year did Eliot take back the position of Christianity?
What did Eliot seek to secularize?
What did Eliot seek to secularize?
What was the focus of the two leaders' convictions?
What year did James Bryant Conant become president of the University of Kansas?
What year did James Bryant Conant become president of the University of Kansas?
What did Conant view higher education as?
What did Conant view higher education as?
What did Conant view higher education as?
During what period were women banned from being admitted to Radcliffe?
What college was founded during World War II?
What happened to Harvard's graduate schools during WWII?
During what period did Harvard become prominent as a university?
How many campuses affiliated with Harvard existed in 1977?
How many acres of land is the State House situated on?
What neighborhood is Harvard Yard formerly from?
How many residential houses are located in the Quadrangle?
How many residential houses are there in the Quadrangle?
Where is the majority of the freshman dormitories of Harvard University located?
What is the name of the bridge over the Longwood Medical and Academic area?
How many acres of land is it located on?
How many miles will a person walk when they cross the John W. Weeks Bridge?
What is the circumference of Harvard Stadium?
What medical school is located in Allston?
What kind of land does Harvard want to buy in Allston?
What kind of land does Harvard want to buy in Allston?
About how much more land does Harvard own in Allston?
What benefit will the expansion of the Allston campus provide?
What benefit will the expansion of the Allston campus provide?
When did the Harvard Crimson publish its first issue?
How many students are in Harvard's classroom?
How many students are in Harvard's classroom?
How many students are taught by faculty at Harvard?
What did Eliot handing out The Harvard Crimson at a regatta do for the school in
What amount did Harvard cut from their 2012 financial aid reserve?
In March 2009, how much did Forbes estimate the loss to be?
How much of a loss did Harvard suffer in 2008?
What year was the Allston Science Complex supposed to be completed?
What year was the Allston Science Complex supposed to be completed?
What was the name of the protest that blocked the speech given by the South African Vice
What was the name of the protest that blocked the speech given by the South African Vice
What was the name of the protest that blocked the speech given by the South African Vice
How much did the Harvard Management Company want to divest?
How much did the Harvard Management Company want to divest?
How is admission to the Carnegie Foundation program characterized?
What acceptance rate does the Early Action program have for 2019?
What rank does the Early Action program have among all others?
When did Harvard College stop managing statistics for university admissions?
What applicants does Harvard College want to have more support for?
In 2008, a student had to complete how many classes outside of their concentration?
How many students are enrolled in a four-year undergraduate program at Harvard?
How many students are enrolled in a four-year undergraduate program at Harvard?
In 2008, students were required to complete courses in how many General Education categories?
Some students have criticized Harvard for its reliance on what type of teaching?
In addition to a basic course of study, what might a student elect to go to
What percentage of the student body is accepted to the Phi Beta Kappa honor society each year
What percentage of the student body was affected by grade inflation in 2004?
Harvard has been accused of what type of misconduct?
What percent of the student body is awarded by the University of Boston?
In 2007, what did families with incomes below $60,000 pay for a room
In 2007, what did families with incomes below $60,000 pay for a room
How much money did Harvard seek from outside support in 2009?
How much money did Harvard seek from outside support in 2009?
How much money did Harvard seek from outside support in 2009?
How many libraries are in the Harvard University library system?
How many libraries are in the Harvard University library system?
What is the academic library of the United States?
How many libraries are there for students to use?
How many libraries are there for students to use?
What is the former name of the Arthur M. Sackler Museum?
How many museums does the Harvard Art Museums comprise?
The Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts occupies what?
What kind of Western art is kept at the Arthur M. Sackler Museum?
The Blaschka Glass Flowers exhibit is an example of what?
Since when has Harvard been ranked first in the rankings of World Universities?
During what years did Harvard roll out a new undergraduate program?
How many places does Harvard's undergraduate program rank in national rankings?
How was Harvard ranked by students in 2013 for being most informative?
How was Harvard ranked in terms of CEO positions in 2011?
How many sports does the Harvard Crimson compete  in in the NCAA Division I Ivy League
What kind of rivalry do Oxford and Cambridge have?
What event does the Harvard-Yale rivalry culminate in?
How often do Oxford and Cambridge put aside their rivalry?
How old is the NCAA Division 1 Ivy League competition?
What event was won by Harvard in 1920?
What year did Harvard Stadium get its first permanent reinforced concrete stadium?
What year did Harvard Stadium get its first permanent reinforced concrete stadium?
What did Walter Camp want to change the playing field?
What year did the rules first forbid the forward pass?
What is the name of the athletic center at the University of Harvard?
What does the Lavietes Pavillion serve as a satellite location for?
How many stories doe the Lavietes Pavillion have?
How many cardio rooms are at the Lavietes Pavillion?
How many people can be seated in the gym at the Lavietes Pavilion?
In what state is the Harvard Regatta located?
What river is located near Cornell University?
How is the Harvard rowing crew ranked?
What event did Harvard win in 2003?
In what month does the Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey team play?
At what venue did U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon give a speech
What office was held by George W. Bush?
In what office has Barack Obama recently served his last term?
Where did Barack Obama give his last speech in 2016?
What Union is Murtaza Bhutto a part of?
Who was the former host of Late Night with Conan O'Brien?
What actor starred in the Movie Saving Private Ryan?
Who is a player on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
What actor starred in The Men in Black?
Who was the directer of Noah in 2014?
What scientist published "The Better Angels of Our Nature" in 2011?
What chemist won the Nobel prize in Chemstry in 1986?
What author is best known for his book The Metaphysical Club?
What British citizen stands with and supports liberal democrats?
What political scientist is one of the founders of the theory of neoliberalism?
What is the population of Jacksonville?
What County was Jacksonville the seat of prior to 1968?
In what year did the city government consolidate?
What is the largest metropolitan area in Florida and the Southeast?
What city proper has a population of 1,345,596?
What cities 30 km from Jacksonville?
In what year did the Timucue people inhabit the Jacksonville area?
What French for was Jacksonville the site of?
What grew at the narrow point in the river under British rule?
What century saw significant infrastructure changes that have made Jacksonville a military and civilian deep-water
How many United States Navy bases are located in the Port of Jacksonville?
What is the name of the Jacksonville area?
What is the Port of Jacksonville's third largest seaport?
Along with banking, insurance, and what other type of service?
How long has the modern city of Jacksonville been inhabited?
When was the oldest remnants of pottery discovered on Black Hammock Island?
When was the oldest remnants of pottery discovered on Black Hammock Island?
How long has the area of Jacksonville been inhabited?
What is the earliest recorded name for the area?
Who was the French explorer chartered the St. John's River?
Where did Ribault erect the flag claiming the land for France?
Why did Jean Ribault called the St. John River the river of May?
What did Philip II of Spain want to protect the interests of Spain?
What year was Fort Caroline reconstructed?
In what year did Spain cede Florida to the British?
In what year did Spain cede Florida to the British?
What town charter was approved in 1832?
Who did Jacksonville support with supplies during the American Civil War?
The Skirmish of the Brick Church took place in what year?
In what year did Union forces retreat to Jacksonville?
What battle involve the Confederate Calvary in March 1864?
During what word was Jacksonville a key supply point for the Confederate cause?
During what time did the wealthy and famous come to Jacksonville?
In what year did President Grover Cleveland visit Jacksonville?
When did the tourism industry in Jacksonville suffer a major blow?
 Extensions of what drew Taurus to Jacksonville?
What method of transportation was most often used to get to Jacksonville?
What slowed the spread of the Jacksonville fire in 1901?
When was the fire that destroyed 146 buildings in Jacksonville?
What is the name of the Great Fire of 1901?
What is the name of the Great Fire of 1901?
What architect was prominent in Jacksonville prior to the fire?
Is what industry was attracted to Jacksonville in the 1910s?
What other film city struggled as Jacksonville grew in popularity?
What was Jacksonville known as?
What former studio in Jacksonville has been converted to a modern film Museum?
What slowed the growth of the population in Jacksonville after World War II?
What did the construction of roadways cause more housing in the suburbs?
What was the percentage of the population of Jacksonville that was not Caucasian?
What slowed the growth of the population in Jacksonville after World War II?
What was the percentage of the population that was not Caucasian?
What cause city funding to fall?
Where were most municipal services concentrated at?
In what year was it suggested the Jacksonville start annexing outlying communities?
Who voted for Jacksonville's annexation?
When did corruption begin to arise among many of the city's officials?
How many people were indicted in the grand jury investigation?
J.J. Daniel and Claude Yates lead the Jacksonville Consolidation?
What happened when public high schools lost accreditation?
Lower taxes, increased public spending, and what were all cited as reasons for a new
In what year was the consolidation referendum held?
In what year was the consolidation referendum held?
What services were combined under the new government?
What was Lee Meredith's role in the image of the new mayor?
Was sitting is 874.3 km²?
The St. Johns River splits Jacksonville from which direction?
What makes up 11.6% of Jacksonville?
What is the major tributary of the St. Johns River located near Jacksonville?
What town surrounds Jacksonville?
When was the Bank of America Tower built?
When was Riverplace Tower constructed?
When was Riverplace Tower constructed?
When was the Riverplace Tower built?
During what season in the south Atlantic region of the United States is there a humid subt
During what season in the south Atlantic region of the United States is there a humid subt
During what season are most of the driest months in the United States?
Because of its low latitude and coastal location, Jacksonville sees very little of what kind of
What is the mean monthly temperature in Jacksonville?
What kind of storms are common in the fall?
Along with high humidity, what is a process that changes the properties of the land?
In what month and year is the mean high temperature in Jacksonville?
In what year did Hurricane Dora strike Jacksonville?
How high were the winds around St. Augustine during the 2012 hurricane?
When did Hurricane Dora strike Jacksonville?
What P or was damaged during the 2008 tropical storm Fay?
Tropical Storm Bonnie caused a minor what?
In what city or the Arabs the tenth largest ethnic group?
In what year were there 366,273 people in Jacksonville?
Where else is there a larger Filipino population that in Jacksonville?
In what year were there 5,751 Filipinos in Jacksonville?
What military branch does much of Jacksonville's Filipino population have ties to?
What year was 366,273 people in Jacksonville?
What percent of the City of Jacksonville residents were married?
How many women older than 18 are there for every 100 men?
Where was the average household size was 33.9%
What percentage of married couples had children living with them?
What percentage of global assets does the richest 10% of people have?
According to Oxfam, the 85 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people
In what year did Oxfam publish a report indicating that the wealthiest 1% of the
What has caused Oxfam's findings to be questioned?
Why does Oxfam and Credit Suisse believe their findings are being accepted?
What percent of Americans own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent?
What percent of Americans own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent?
What is considered as a potential disadvantage for wealth for some Americans?
In September 2012, what percent of the Forbes 400 wealthiest Americans were born in substantial privilege
What percent of Americans own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent?
What philosophy of thought addresses inequality?
What is income inequality attributed to?
What impacts distribution of wealth when evaluating labor?
What is the term that describes the gap between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn
How is income determined in a market with variously skilled workers?
What do capitalist firms use for labor?
Who is required in proportion to capital inputs?
Who is required in proportion to capital inputs?
What do the substitution of capital equipment for?
What do capitalist firms use for labor?
What is controlled by the market and economy?
What do businesses that offer below market wages often suffer?
Under what law is value of a worker determined?
How do competing businesses make workers?
What do businesses that offer below market wages often suffer?
What has the tendency to increase wages in a field or job position?
Discrepancy in what type of labor can lead to lower or higher wages for a
Who drives up the wages for a job that few are able to pay?
Who drives up the wages for workers who compete for a job that few require?
Who works to get workers higher compensation?
What does higher economic inequality tend to increase?
 Survivial is at the heart of what concept for workers?
What type of motivators are food and shelter considered?
What type of motivators are achievement and outside determination considered?
What is the main motivation for entrepreneurs to do what?
What is a progressive tax?
The level of income can often change as a result of changes in tax policy?
A higher tax rate on income can lead to a more equal distribution of what?
What is another cause of income being taxed?
What is a progressive tax?
What is key to getting the skills needed for high demand jobs?
What do people with lower income have less access to?
What does less education lead to when working?
Who has limited productive potential when faced with more access to education?
What does lack of education lead to lower or higher incomes?
What did Standard & Poor recommend to slow economy recovery?
How much potential economic growth could the United States amass if everyone went through less schooling
In what year did the Standard & Poor's rating agency make predictions about the widening inequality
Who concluded that the income inequality gap was getting better?
When did economists reach a conclusion without the S&P's rating agency?
What was the price of skilled labor during the high school education movement?
What was the price of skilled labor during the mass high school education movement in 1910-
What was the price of skilled labor during the mass high school education movement in 1910-
What did Lagerlof and Galor say had a negative effect on education?
What slowed the increase in the wages between skilled and unskilled workers?
What type of social exclusion does the United States have?
Despite popular beliefs, the U.S. economy consistently affords a lower level of
What was the degree of social exclusion that has persisted in the United States?
What provides little support for U.S.-style labor-market flexibility?
What was one of the main causes of the decline in union membership?
What countries with high rates of unionization have very low levels of inequality?
What countries with high rates of unionization have very low levels of inequality?
What attribute of the income gap does the University of Washington attribute to organized labor?
What attribute of the income gap does the University of Washington attribute to organized labor?
What attribute of the United States has been theorized to have played a bigger role in
Who may see lower wages as a result of trade liberalization?
What attribute of income inequality does Paul Krugman share?
What has replaced lower skilled workers in the United States?
What scale does trade liberalization shift economic inequality from?
What is the income inequality gap between genders in Botswana?
What is the gender income inequality in Bahrain?
What is attributed to the income inequality in the United Nations?
Who does the wage gap between genders provide a disadvantage?
What gender pay gap is there in many countries?
What types of programs help to redistribute wealth?
What is the level of inequality in low income countries?
What does introduce inequality to a country?
What leads to lower income inequality?
What profession does Simon Kuznets have?
During what time period did income inequality fall in the United States?
When did income inequality begin to decrease in the US?
In what sector are jobs beginning to decrease?
In what sector are jobs beginning to increase?
Who plotted the relationships between levels of income and inequality?
Under certain conditions, newly created wealth concentrates in what?
Who has the means to increase wealth?
What does Thomas Piketty believe the fundamental force for divergence is?
What does Thomas Piketty believe the fundamental force for divergence is?
Under certain conditions, newly created wealth concentrates in what?
What is another term for the non-market force?
What forces shouldn't serve as a brake on wealth concentration?
What do the market seek to make more money from?
Why is the process known as "rent-seeking"?
Income from the creation of wealth but by grabbing a smaller share of it is know
What can lower rates of health and social problems because of inequality?
What can lower rates of health and social problems because of inequality?
What is lower in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries?
What can lower rates of health and social problems because of inequality?
In U.S. states, what happens to the life expectancy in more economically equal
What year did Robert J. Shiller make a name for himself as a result of
What is the most important problem for the United States and elsewhere?
Why does unemployment hurt growth?
High unemployment can have a negative effect on what?
 Policies which reduce the inequality associated effects of unemployment hurt what type of growth?
What was the degree of inequality in Britain?
What is the overall rate of decline in health and social mobility in countries like Russia?
What is the overall rate of decline in health and social mobility in countries like Russia?
What was the overall rate of decline in health and social mobility for women in countries like
How many developed countries did British researchers use to gather statistics from?
What did higher material living standards mean for most humans?
Where does the pattern of higher income-longer lives still hold true?
What increases rapidly as per capita income increases?
In 2004, how much longer did Americans live than Greeks?
How are incomes distributed in Sweden?
What characteristic in recent years has been strongly tied with health in developed countries?
How many factors does the index contain?
How many factors does the index contain?
How many factors does the index contain?
How many indicators does the UNICEF index show?
What has crime rate been shown to be correlated with in a society?
Most studies looking at homicides have concentrated on what?
Over how many studies have shown that violence is more common in societies that have income differences
What is the relationship between homicides and inequality?
What is it estimated that about a third of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted
What is the main drawback of economic inequality?
What is the sum total of income for a homeless person?
An additional dollar spent by a poor person will likely go to what?
What is the sum total of wealth for a homeless person?
What does a society with more wealth have higher aggregate utility?
Conservative researchers have argued that income inequality is not important because it is not what?
What is more important than income inequality?
In 2001, what was the percentage decrease in consumption from households?
What has been theorized to be the main draw on income inequality?
The Hidden Prosperity of the Poor is summarized in what?
What is Raghuram Rajan's career?
What does Rajan feel has created deep financial fault lines?
What is the oldest example of financial fault lines? 
What does political pressure push to extend to compensate for stagnating purchasing power?
What has given the American economy a tendency to go "from bubble to bubble"?
Both income and income are correlated with what rate of growth?
High levels of inequality can have a negative effect on what?
Who is responsible for the decline in GDP?
An increase in the income share of the top 20 percent is associated with higher GDP growth
Who does the poor and middle class matter the most for growth?
What indirect effect does income from inequality have on economic growth?
What indirect effect does increasing inequality have on economic growth?
High unemployment can have a negative effect on what?
Why is unemployment a negative effect on growth?
 Policies which try to control unemployment support economic growth because they reduce what?
In what year did the Economist Joseph Stiglitz present evidence that both global inequality and
In what year did the Economist Joseph Stiglitz present evidence that both global inequality and
In what year did Joseph Stiglitz present evidence that both global inequality and inequality prevent
What attribute of human capital has become more widely held?
In what year did Galor and Zeira show that inequality has a long lasting effect
In what year did Galor and Zeira show that inequality has a long lasting effect
In what year was a study completed to determine the channels through which inequality can affect economic
What is associated with lower levels of income from income from the credit market?
What type of societies tend to be politically and socially unstable?
What is the overall relationship between income inequality and rate of investment?
What is the overall relationship between income inequality and investment?
When did Barro work to reduce inequality in countries?
When did Barro work to reduce inequality in countries?
What year did a study on Swedish counties show a negative effect of inequality on growth?
What does the Kuznets curve hypothesis state?
What does the Kuznets curve hypothesis state?
During what years did the Kuznets curve hypothesis change?
During what years did the Kuznets curve hypothesis change?
What year did the Kuznets curve hypothesis come to pass?
When did theories about inequality develop that had a positive effect on economic development?
In what year did a report come out indicating that income from the wealthy would have an
What year did a report come out indicating that income inequality has risen?
Analyses on yearly equality figures were what?
 Developing countries with high inequality have "succeeded in initiating growth at high
What must be made so that poorer sections of society are able to participate in economic growth
The growth elasticity of poverty can depend on what?
What must be made all the poorer sections of society are able to participate in?
What was Ban Ki-Moon not the Secretary General of?
While economic growth is necessary, it is not sufficient for what?
What is held inside the formal legal ownership registration system in many developing countries?
How is registered property held in informal form?
How long can it take to build a house in some countries?
In all countries over how many steps can it take to build on government land?
What can it sometimes take up to 14 years to get permission to build on?
What do a number of researchers think a shortage of is caused in part by income inequality
What decreased in number between 1948 and 1991?
Why did the demand for rentals decrease?
What drove increased rental prices in East New York?
What combined with lowering prices to make it difficult or impossible for low income people to keep
Who is responsible for the costs of housing, pensions, and health care?
What are those with lower incomes often able to manage?
What is the term when middle income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as
What is one method of achieving aspirational consumption?
When people get rid of debt, it leads potentially to what?
The bigger the economic inequality, the more waste and pollution are created.
The increase in emissions per person is the result of what?
The bigger the economic inequality, the more waste and pollution are created.
The bigger the economic inequality, the more waste and pollution are created.
What percentage of the population could be addressed/corrected if they were less wealthy?
What percentage of the population lives off unearned property income?
What percentage of the population lives off unearned property income?
What type of income is the vast majority of the population dependent on?
How do socialists think the means of production should be owned?
What would income differentials be if individual contributions were relevant to the social product?
What form does government use to redistribute wealth?
What form does government use to redistribute wealth?
What form of taxation does government use to redistribute wealth?
Some modern economic inequalities were caused by what kind of force?
When are inequalities in wealth justified, according to John Rawls?
What is the human development approach?
What is the focus of the capabilities approach?
What is the goal of the capabilities approach?
What is the goal of the capabilities approach?
What do the capabilities approach seek to improve?
When a person's capabilities are lowered, they are in some way deprived of earning as
Gender roles and what can prevent a woman from earning as much as a healthy young man
Gender roles and what can prevent a woman from earning as much as a healthy young man
What kind of epidemic can cause people to go to work?
What must be denied so that people are not denied?
What kind of institution is the University of Chicago?
How many students attend the University of Chicago?
What kind of institution is the University of Chicago?
What kind of institution is the University of Chicago?
How many professional schools are based at the University of Chicago?
The Chicago school of economics plays a large part in the development of what academic disciplines?
What kind of nuclear reaction did the physics department develop?
What kind of scientist was working in the University of Chicago's physics department?
What is the largest university press in the US?
What is the estimated completion date for the Barack Obama Presidential Center?
Who is known as the richest man in all history?
In what year did Harper become President of the University of Chicago?
In what year did Harper become President of the University of Chicago?
In what year was the Association of American Universities founded?
In what year did Harper become President of the University of Chicago?
In what year was the University of Chicago founded?
In what year was the University of Chicago founded?
Who financed the original University of Chicago?
George C. Walker served as trustee, treasurer and donor of what?
In what year was the University of Chicago founded?
In what decade did the U of Chicago affiliate with numerous regional colleges?
In what year did the University of Chicago affiliated with Shimer College?
To what schools did the U of C agree to provide books and supplies free of charge
In what year did the University of Chicago affiliated with Shimer College?
How many years did Robert Maynard Hutchins control the University of Chicago?
How many years did Robert Maynard Hutchins control the University of Chicago?
How many divisions were there at the University of Chicago?
What year did Hutchins want to merge the University of Chicago and Northwestern University into one
How many years did Robert Maynard Hutchins control the University of Chicago?
During which decade was there an increase in student applications?
Why did student applications fall during the 1950s?
In what decade did student applications decline?
Student enrollment fell as a result of increased crime and poverty in which neighborhood?
Like the University of Chicago, what did Shimer College and 10 other schools adopt?
In what decade did students occupy the president's office?
In what decade did students occupy the president's office?
In what decade did students occupy the president's office?
In what year was the Kalven Report released?
In what year was the Kalven Report released?
In what decade did the University of Chicago begin exploring expansion projects?
In what year did the Milton Friedman Institute announce it would be established?
How much will the Milton Friedman Institute cost?
How much did David G. Booth donate to the University of Chicago?
In what year did the Milton Friedman Institute come to Chicago?
The Main Quadrangles are made up of how many quadrangles?
The buildings of the University of Oxford are made up of what two styles of architecture?
The Main Quadrangles are made up of how many quadrangles?
The Main Quadrangles are made up how many quadrangles?
In what decade did the Gothic style begin to give way to modern styles?
In what year was the second master plan developed?
In what year was the second master plan developed?
In what year was the second master plan developed?
When was the Gerald Ratner Athletics Center designed?
Where does the Paris School Of Business have campuses?
What are two kinds of courses of study available at the University of Paris's Center in
What are two kinds of courses of study available at the University of Paris's Center in
In what year were the oldest additions in New Delhi opened?
In what year were the oldest additions in Hong Kong opened?
What body of trustees controls the University of Chicago?
How many members sit on the Board of Trustees?
How many members sit on the Board of Trustees?
How many members sit on the Board of Trustees?
In what year was it announced that the Director of Argonne National Laboratory would become Prov
How many divisions of graduate research does the University of Higher Learning consist of?
How many professional schools does the University of Higher Learning consist of?
What is the name of the University of Chicago's library system?
By which Commission is the University of Chicago Press accredited?
What do the academic bodies of the University of Chicago Medical Center consist of?
The College grants Bachelor of Science/Arts degrees in 50 majors and how many minors
The College grants Bachelor of Science/Arts degrees in 50 minors and how many majors
Which University's College grants academic majors in 50 subject areas?
How many academic majors are awarded by the University of Chicago?
How many divisions are there at the University of Chicago?
What is the Common Core?
How many students are required to take courses under the Common Core?
How many courses are required under the Common Core?
How many courses are required under the Common Core?
Who is the academic cream of American universities?
Along with undergraduate and postgraduate schools, what two academic institutions does the University of Chicago
How many students attend the Sonia Shankman Orthogenic School?
When did the University of Chicago start operating its School Mathematics Project?
When was the University of Chicago established as a mathematics program?
What is the largest university press in the United States?
Which University's library system consists of 12 libraries?
How many libraries are in the University of Chicago library system?
How many libraries are in the University of Chicago library system?
When was the Joe and Rika Mansueto Library built?
Aside from 12 research institutes, how many research centers does the U of C operate
Aside from 12 research centers, how many research institutes does the U of C operate
Which institute is a center for Near Western studies?
In which Illinois city is the Marine Biological Laboratory located?
Where is the National Opinion Research Center located?
What chemical experiment was conducted at the University of Chicago?
When was REM sleep discovered at the University of Chicago?
When was REM sleep discovered at the University of Chicago?
What chemical experiment was conducted at the University of Chicago?
What was the academic specialty of the sociology department at the University of Chicago?
What doctorate program has been offered since 1996?
What three types of study are available at the Logan Center?
The university has bachelor programs in fine arts in visual arts and what other subject?
What type of training is required by the College's general education core?
In what year did the Williams and Logan Center open?
How many students attended the University of Chicago in the fall quarter of 2014?
How many students attended the University of Chicago in the fall quarter of 2014?
How many students attended the University of Chicago in the fall quarter of 2014?
How many students attended the University of Chicago in the fall quarter of 2014?
What was the average score for a student in the University of Chicago in 2011?
What kind of member what the University to the Big Ten Conference?
When did the University reach the Sweet Sixteen?
When did Jay Berwanger become the first Heisman Trophy winner?
When did Jay Berwanger win the Maynard Trophy?
In what year did the University of Kansas withdraw from the conference?
How many clubs do the students at the University of Model United Nations run?
What are the over 118 clubs run by students at the U of C called collectively?
When was the Model United Nations team the top ranked in North America?
When was the Model United Nations team ranked first in North America?
During what years was the Model United Nations team ranked first in North America?
All of the student groups at the University of Chicago are funded by what?
What are the two kinds of students elected to represent the University of Chicago's student government
Who are members of the sports club elected to represent?
Who is the executive committee of the University of Chicago?
What is the annual budget for the University of Chicago?
How many sororities are at the University of Chicago?
How many sororities are at the University of Chicago?
How many sororities form the University of Chicago Interfraternity Council?
What do ten of the fraternities form?
In what year did the Associate Director of Student Activities estimate that about 10% of students
In what year was the University of Chicago Scavenger Hunt held?
How many days a year is the Festival of the Arts on campus?
What is held ever February at the university?
What is the university's winter carnival and concert called?
When did the Latke-Hamantash Debate take place?
What is the title of James O. McKinsey?
What is James O. McKinsey's book?
Who is the founder of the Chicago Cubs and author of the first management accounting text book
Who is the chairman of Microsoft as well as the NBA commissioner?
Who is James O. McKinsey?
What is Carol Moseley Braun's job?
What is the inaugural year of the Obama presidential election?
What is Carol Moseley Braun's job?
What is Carol Moseley Braun's job?
What is the inaugural year of the Obama campaign?
What is the life of Kurt Vonnegut?
What is the life of Kurt Vonnegut?
Who wrote "The Good War"?
What is the life of Kurt Vonnegut?
Who wrote "The closing of the Good War"?
Who is the Bungie founder and developer of the dance video game?
What is the job of Philip Glass?
What is the job of Philip Glass?
What is the career of Philip Glass?
What is Edwin Hubble known for?
What is the academic specialty of John M. Grunsfeld?
What is the academic specialty of John B. Goodenough?
What was the uranium-lead dating method used for?
What was Gary Becker's position within the family economics branch?
What was Gary Becker's position within the family economics branch?
Who is known for working on portfolio capture theory?
What is Thomas Sowell's alumnus?
Who was responsible for the modern interpretation of organizational decision making?
What is the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known
What is the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known
What is the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known
Who is the White House Coordinator of Security Planning and also an anthropologist?
Who established the psychological school of conservative international relations?
Who is known for calculating the speed of nuclear reactions?
Who discovered the Compton effect?
What is Robert A. Millikan's position in physics?
Who is known as the father of the hydrogen atom?
Who was the first female laureate winner?
What is the academic specialty of the University of Kansas?
Who is the founder of McKinsey and Co.?
Who is the developer of the actinide concept?
What Nobel Prize researchers are former faculty members?
Who was a political philosopher, mathematician, author and also former faculty member?
Who is the current CEO and chairmen of Goldman Sachs?
Who is the current Chairman of President Barack Obama's Council of Economic Advisors?
Who governs Nobel Prize central bank?
Who wrote Freakonomics and is also an anthropologist?
Who is the 74th United States Secretary of the Treasury?
What is the Chinese name for the Yuan dynasty?
What is the Yuan dynasty's official name?
Who ended the Yuan dynasty?
Who controlled the Mongolian Borjigin clan?
When did Kublai Khan formally establish the Yuan dynasty?
What non-Japanese empire did the Yuan dynasty succeed?
What  dynasty came before the Yuan?
What  dynasty came after the Yuan?
Who was Kublai Khan's grandfather?
When did Khan establish the Great Yuan?
What writing discouraged the name Great Yuan?
What was the Yuan dynasty called in Mongolian?
What does Yeke Mongghul Ulus mean?
What nominal title did Yuan emperors hold?
Which tribes did Genghis Khan fight against?
When did Genghis Khan win Great Khan?
Who was Genghis's 3rd son?
When did Mongke Khan kill Great Khan?
What was Kublai Khan's opposition to Ögedei Khan?
Who did the Han Chinese want to help the Mongols fight?
What Khitan leader rejected the Mongols?
What Han Chinese leader rejected the Mongols?
How many armies were in each Tumen?
How many Khitan Tumens were there?
What religion was Shi Tianze?
In what dynasty did Tianze die?
What kind of interethnic marriage became common in the Jin dynasty?
Who was Shi Tianze's father?
What dynasty did Chagaan help defend?
Who led a Mongol defense on the Song dynasty?
Where did Möngke Khan defend the Song dynasty?
When was Kublai born?
Who defended Kublai Khan's right to succeed Mongke Khan?
What Chinese era name did Kublai adopt?
Who was Kaidu's grandson?
Where did the Song dynasty continue be fought with Kublai?
When did Kublai install Wonjong as the ruler of Korea?
Where did China border Kublai's territory?
When did Li Tan instigate a revolt?
When did Kublai's government assume its current form?
What did Kublai's advisers make more money from?
When did Kublai restore the Imperial Secretariat?
How many societal class divisions were in the plan Kublai approved?
How many classes did Kublai's government share?
Where had the Mongol capital been before Kublai destroyed it?
Where did Kublai plan to move the Mongol capital to?
When did Kublai plan to move the Mongol capital?
When did Kublai read the move of the Mongol capital to Khanbaliq?
What rituals did Kublai follow to keep his image?
What three things did Kublai Khan promote?
What does 'Pax Mongolica' mean?
Where did the Grand Canal begin?
Where did Kublai expand the Grand Canal to?
Who described Kublai's travels to Asia?
Who did Duke Yansheng Kong Duanyou stay with?
When did the Southern Song dynasty begin?
When did the Southern Song dynasty end?
Who was rejected as the replacement for Duke Yansheng Kong Duanyou?
When did Kublai strengthen his government in northern China?
When did Kublai siege Xiangyang?
When did Kublai siege Xiangyang?
When did Kublai capture Hangzhou?
When did the last Song Emperor die?
How was Kublai's administration running out of money?
What interfered with Kublai's second invasion of Japan?
How did Kublai rule?
In what battle were the Mongols joined by the Tran?
When was Dali defended by the Yuan?
Who had Kublai wanted to precede him?
When did Kublai have a son?
What was Temur Khan's Japanese-style name?
When did Temur die?
What was Buyantu Khan's position as the fourth Yuan emperor?
When did Kublai reign?
What was Li Meng's background in?
How many high-ranking officials were executed in the Department of State Affairs?
When did the traditional imperial examinations first take place?
Who was Emperor Gegeen Khan's son?
When was Geegen the senator?
Who supported Gegeen Khan?
What did 'Di Yuan Shi' mean?
How many rival princes were involved in living with Gegeen?
How did Yesun Temur die
What was the civil war against Ragibagh never called?
How long after a banquet with Tugh Temur did Kusala have a child?
Who was thought to have loved Tugh Temur?
Who took the throne after Kusala's uprising?
What was Tugh Temur known for?
What academy did Tugh Temur destroy?
When did Tugh Temur destroy his academy?
What was the most notable publication of Tugh's academy?
What religions did Tugh Temur support?
When was Tughun Temur born?
What Chinese-style name did Rinchinbal reject?
How old was Toghun Temur when he became president?
How many successors of Kublai was Toghun the first of?
Which dynasties were officially documented during Toghun's reign?
What was the final years of the Yuan dynasty?
Who had a great impact on other Mongol lands?
What was the attitude of the later Yuan emperors?
What were the Yuan armies too strong to stop?
What were later Yuan emperors interested in?
When did the Yuan people suffer a series of natural disasters?
What uprising ended in 1351?
Why did Toghun Temur approve Toghtogha?
Who had the Red Turban Rebellion tried to defend?
When was the Míng dynasty out of power?
What encouraged trade under the Yuan?
What discouraged cultural exchange under the Yuan?
What was the Yuan's Persian enemy?
What did Western musical instruments help with?
Besides Confucianism, Buddhism, and Islam, what religions were tolerated during the
What did Taoism endure?
What type of practices did the Yuan introduce in government?
What fields of travel literature and scientific education were realized during this period?
Who was the first known European to visit China and return?
What did Polo call the Citadel a great-capital?
When did Il milione appear?
When did Il milione appear?
What astronomer helped Kublai?
What was the accuracy of the lunisolar calendar?
What did Kublai do to expediate famines?
What city did the Grand Canal never reach during the Yuan?
What major crop was brought to China from the west?
The Yuan was the first time all of China was ruled by whom?
What did Mongols claim to worship?
What illegitimate dynasty came before the Yuan?
What illegitimate dynasty came after the Yuan?
What cultures were part of Kublai's administration?
What dynasties inspired the Chinese-like elements of Kublai's government?
Who was the first of Kublai's Chinese advisers?
What kind of division of power did Kublai's government have?
Who had military control during the Yuan?
The six Ministries were established after the Sui and Tang dynasties?
What didn't the Ministry of Justice extend to?
Who was the real military authority in Yuan times?
When was Phags-pa script created?
Which languages supported the Phags-pa script?
How poorly did the Mongol Emperors know spoken Chinese?
The father of which emperor was a concubine?
What was Tugh's Chinese-style name?
When did the Mongols start to sell their children into slavery?
When did Kublai ban the international Mongol slave trade?
What did the average Mongol garrison family live in?
What type of languages flourished in the Yuan?
Which sciences were often practiced together by the same artists?
What dynasty shared artistic inspiration with the Yuan?
What form of songwriting was developed in the Yuan?
Which khanates had not converted to Islam?
Which religion did Kublai Khan reject?
What was the Yuan's official state religion?
What was Kublai's most favorite sect of Tibetan Buddhism?
How many unknowns did Zhu Shijie solve?
How many unknowns did Zhu Shijie solve?
How many unknowns did Zhu Shijie solve?
What type of math was advanced during the Yuan?
When did Zhu publish 'Jade Mirror of the Four Unknowns'?
What did Guo Shoujing do for calendars?
What did Gou derive for his astronomical calculations?
When was the Shoushi Li made the official calendar of the Yuan dynasty?
When was the Shoushi Li made the official calendar of the Yuan dynasty?
When was Gou's calendar made as the official calendar of the Yuan?
Who were otachi?
What did the Mongols call otachi doctors?
What did the Mongols call otachi doctors?
What department did Kublai create to educate doctors?
Why did Confucians love the medical field?
How many Great Schools were there in the Yuan?
How many Great Schools were there in the Yuan?
What did the Mongols bring to the west?
What Chinese medicine was transmitted to the Middle East and the rest of the empire?
When was the Office of Western Medicine founded?
When did Jesus the Interpreter establish the Office of Western Medicine?
When did Jesus the Interpreter establish the Office of Western Medicine?
What aspect of Western medicine did the Chinese like?
What philosophies opposed Western medicine?
How did Chinese printing technology get transferred to the Mongols?
When did Wang Zhen's Nong Shu get printed?
When was earthenware movable type destroyed?
Who was Ögedei's wife?
When was the Imperial Library Directorate established?
What was the Yuan's paper money called?
What were show made out of?
When did the Yuan begin using bronze printing plates for its money?
What had the Yuan used to print its money before plastic plates?
When did the Il-khanate start experimenting with paper money?
What Mongolian system did Kublai's government work with?
What Chinese system did Kublai's government compromise with?
Who were the Samuron?
How did the equal treatment of Chinese versus Mongols in the Yuan make the dynasty seem
What did the Mongols send to the Muslim population in Central Asia?
What did the Mongols send to the Muslim population in Central Asia?
Where in Central Asia did the Han Chinese move?
What types of work did the Han do in Eastern Asia?
What Yuan policies did Muslims like?
What Jewish practice did the Yuan keep?
Who founded the Ming dynasty?
What was the second meaning of a Chinese word for 'barracks'?
Who was killed in the Ispah Rebellion?
Who thought that the Yuan's social class system should be called social classes?
Who lived in poverty?
There were many Chinese with what expected status?
There were many Mongols with what expected status?
Which part of China had people ranked higher in the class system?
Which part of China had people ranked lower in the class system?
Why were the Northern Chinese ranked lower?
Why were the Northern Chinese ranked higher?
Who did the Yuan's increase in commerce help?
Who did the Mongols take control of Korea?
Who was the Uighur King of Qocho ranked below?
Who was the Karluk Kara-Khanid ruler ranked below?
Why were the Uighurs ranked higher by the Mongols?
What region of Tibet is Hebei part of?
Who governed the Central Region in the Yuan?
Where was the Central Secretariat based?
What modern city did Khanbaliq become?
What was the numbe rof the Central Region?
The immune system is a system of how many biological structures and processes?
What is another name for the immune system?
What is another name for the immune system?
What is the immune system of the animal known as?
What connects the peripheral immune system to the neuroimmune system?
Along with autoimmune diseases and cancer, what can happen to a person when they have a
What genetic disease can cause immunodeficiency in humans?
What type of autoimmune disease usually results from a hyperactive immune system attacking normal tissues?
What genetic disease can cause immunodeficiency in humans?
What autoimmune disease usually affects the immune system?
What is a science that examines the structure and function of the immune system?
When is the latest known reference to immunity?
What scientist experimented with snake venom in the 18th century?
Whose theories supported the miasma theory?
When did Walter Reed discover the yellow fever virus?
What does the immune system do to protect organisms from infection?
What do physical barriers prevent from entering the organism?
What does the adaptive immune system do?
What is then retained in the adaptive immune system when a pathogen is eliminated?
What causes the organism to attack more slowly and weakly every time a pathogen is
What does depend on the immune system's ability to distinguish between the self and others?
What is a one class of self molecule?
What can be distinguished from foreign substances by the immune system?
What do self molecules bind to?
What happens when an antigen fails to bind to an immune receptor?
What type of bacteria can successfully enter an organism?
What is usually recognized by the pattern recognition receptors?
What kind of cells tend to send out alarm signals?
What type of immune defenses are not there?
What type of immune defenses are not there?
Besides mechanical, chemical, and what other barrier protects organisms from infection?
What is the first line of defense against infection?
What is the first line of defense against infection?
What is usually removed from the lungs by coughing and sneezing?
What is the first line of defense against infection?
What does the respiratory tract secrete in order to promote infection?
What enzyme is an antibacterial?
What fluids are enzymes found in?
When do vaginal secretions become slightly acidic?
What provides chemical protection to pathogens?
What do commensal flora compete with in the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts
What do commensal flora compete with?
Oral antibiotics do not affect what type of fungi?
What food upsets the balance of microbial populations?
Oral antibiotics do not affect what type of bacteria?
What is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection?
What is usually caused by increased blood flow into tissue?
What is released by injured or infected cells?
What type of cytokines do chemokines have?
What is produced by eicosanoids and cytokines?
What is a phagocytosis?
What is a phagocytosis?
What is a phagosome?
What is the process by which a pathogen is killed?
What type of phagocytosis evolved as a means of acquiring nutrients?
What are Neutrophils and macrophages?
What percentage of leukocytes are found in the bloodstream?
What are Neutrophils and macrophages?
What is usually the first step in neutrophils migrating towards the site of infection?
Macrophages are versatile what?
What cells can act independently?
What are leukocytes the second arm of?
What are the three main types of leukocytes found in the innate immune system?
What are the three main types of leukocytes?
What are the most important mediators in the activation of the adaptive immune system?
Where are dendritic cells located?
Where are dendritic cells located?
What are dendritic cells called?
What are dendritic cells called?
Where are dendritic cells located?
What is the specific type of immune system that does not directly attack invading microbes?
What is a condition that NK cells recognize as missing self?
Normal body cells are not recognized and attacked by NK cells because they are what?
What is the specific term for the NK cells that do not require activation?
What type of virus is found in NK cells?
When did the adaptive immune system evolve?
What is the adaptive immune response called?
What is the adaptive immune response called?
What type of immune response can be tailored to specific pathogens?
What is maintained in the body by the "memory cells"?
What cells do carry receptor molecules?
When are antigens processed?
What are two main types of T cells?
What are two main types of T cells?
What type of T cells do they recognize?
What is a sub-group of T cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses
What is a sub-group of T cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses
What is the specific type of T cell that recognizes a different antigen?
What type of T cell recognize a different antigen?
What allows ions, water and toxins to enter the target cell's membrane?
What do Helper T cells express?
What do Helper T cells express?
What type of interaction can be observed for killer T cells?
What is the activity of a resting helper T cell?
What is another name for the helper T cell?
What T cells possess an alternative T cell receptor?
What type of T cells do Gamma delta T cells possess?
What is not fully understood about γδ T cells?
What responds in large numbers to common molecules produced by microbes?
A B cell identifies pathogens when they bind to a specific foreign antigen?
What process is used to make the peptides?
What is the combination of MHC and antigen that attracts the B cell?
What is the process in which the antibodies circulate in blood plasma and lymph?
What can a B cell do to reduce infection?
What happens when B cells and T cells are activated?
When B cells and T cells are activated, what do they become long-lived memory
What is a form of immunological memory?
During what lifetime is the process known as adaptive?
What cells are able to remember specific pathogens?
What type of immunity is usually found in infants?
What do most infants receive from their mother?
What is the antibody that is transported from mother to baby?
What is another name for the antibody that is transported from mother to baby?
What can you get from one person to another in medicine?
What changes the sensitivity of the immune system at the same levels? 
When do autoimmune diseases often strike women?
What is a hormone that does effect the immune system?
What male sex hormone is an immunostimulator?
What autoimmune disease strike women most often?
What happens to a well-rested person when they experience sleep deprivation?
What can happen to a well-rested person when they experience sleep deprivation?
What is a protein that is closely linked to our circadian rhythms?
What chronic conditions can cause sleep deprivation?
What is effected by natural light and dark cycles?
What increases with age?
What is thought to cause a decline in immune response?
What hormones are independent from the immune system?
What causes lower vitamin D levels in the elderly?
What becomes less adept at producing vitamin D as a person ages?
What is the main response of the immune system to tumors?
What is the main response of the immune system to tumors?
What antigens present differently than viral antigENS?
What is the main response of the immune system to tumors?
What are antibodies generated to fight?
What type of messages are sent through plants?
What happens when all parts of a plant become infected?
What do cells away from the site of the infection undergo?
What cells undergo rapid apoptosis?
What is important in SAR?
What disorder causes the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self?
What cell reacts with self peptides?
What is the function of specialized cells located in the brain?
What cells are eliminated by the immune system?
Where are specialized cells located?
What happens when one or more components of the immune system are inactive?
At what age do immunodeficiencies decrease?
What is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries?
Diets lacking sufficient protein are associated with what?
What happens to the thymus at an early age?
What is the process by which long-term active memory can be acquired?
What is usually acquired by infection?
What can you obtain by doing immunization?
What kind of immunization is usually found in the immune system?
With infectious disease remaining one of the leading causes of death, vaccination is what?
The success of a pathogen depends on its ability to elude host immune responses?
What enzymes do bacteria use to break the barrier?
What do bacteria use to move proteins from the host to the pathogen?
What type of enzymes do bacteria use to break the barrier?
What is a type III secretion system?
In what decade did Frank Burnet formulate the clonal selection theory?
In what decade did Frank Burnet formulate the clonal selection theory?
What has been criticized for its theory of immunity?
What did Frank Burnet develop on the basis of CST?
In what decade did Frank Burnet formulate the clonal selection theory?
What is used to reduce the effects of inflammation?
What must be controlled in the treatment of anti-inflammatory drugs?
What must be controlled in the treatment of anti-inflammatory drugs?
What is often used in combination with anti-inflammatory drugs?
What drugs help T cells respond to signals correctly?
What do anti-inflammatory molecules peak during wake periods?
What do anti-inflammatory molecules peak during wake periods?
What do anti-inflammatory molecules do during sleep times?
What could inflammation do during sleep periods?
What could promote free radical production during sleep times?
What does a pathogen do when it encounters a T-cell?
When a T-cell encounters a foreign pathogen, it extends a vitamin D receptor
When a T-cell encounters a foreign pathogen, it extends a vitamin D receptor
What gene is expressed by the T-cell?
What gene converts calcitriol into calcidiol?
What proteins are used by very many organisms?
What are defensins called?
What is used by any form of invertebrate?
What plays a role in the immune response to viruses?
Where are ribonucleases conserved?
When did evolution of the adaptive immune system begin?
What type of molecules do not exist in jawed vertebrates?
What is a distinct lymphocyte derived molecule found in primitive jawed vertebrates?
What type of molecules are found in jawed vertebrates?
What type of molecules are found in jawed vertebrates?
What kind of immune system arose with the first vertebrates?
What type of immune system does not generate lymphocytes?
Some species utilize mechanisms that are precursors to what aspect of vertebrate immunity?
What type of virus is found in Prokaryotes?
What is not found in unicellular eukaryotes?
What has been suggested in immunology from the end of the 19th century up to
What was responsible for the immune response?
Who were the main supporters of the humoral theory of immunity?
What did cellular theory claim was in an organism's humors?
What is able to evade the immune system?
Tumor cells have a reduced number of MHC class I molecules on their surface
What do tumor cells release that reduces the immune response?
What does cytokine TGF-β reduce the activity of?
What happens when the immune system loses tolerance for tumor antigens?
What is Hypersensitivity?
What is a type of hypersensitivity?
What is a type of hypersensitivity usually associated with allergies?
A Type IV hypersensitivity usually takes how long to develop?
What is Type II hypersensitivity?
What is another name for intracellular pathogenesis?
What is another name for intracellular pathogenesis?
Where does a pathogen come in direct contact with immune cells, antibodies and complement?
What is another name for intracellular pathogenesis?
A pathogen spends most of its life-cycle in host cells?
What are the more complex mechanisms used to do?
What is the simplest way to keep essential epitopes hidden?
What is a pathogen that does not use antigenic variation?
What does explain the failure of vaccines directed at the HIV virus?
How does the parasite Trypanosoma brucei stay one step ahead of the
What is another important role of the immune system?
What type of antigens are not found on normal cells?
Some of the antigens expressed by tumors have several sources?
What happens when tyrosinase is expressed at low levels?
What is a possible source of tumor antigens?
If the drug is administered repeatedly, it can provoke a neutralizing immune response that is
What is a process that limits the effectiveness of drugs based on larger peptides and proteins
What type of studies have been developed to determine the immunogenicity of peptides and
What type of techniques do machine learning techniques rely on?
What is the study of immunoproteomics?
What has been shown to have a negative effect on both the innate and adaptive immune functions
What is increased in blood levels of cortisol during the early 'wave' stage?
What cytokines do these signals induce a pro-inflammatory state?
What is increased in blood levels of cortisol during the slow-wave sleep stage?
What do hormones produced during this time stop from interacting?
What do multiple defense mechanisms have evolved to avoid detection and neutralization?
What do multiple defense mechanisms have evolved to avoid detection and neutralization?
Jawed vertebrates have more sophisticated what?
What creates immunological memory before the initial responds to a pathogen?
What is the basis of acquired immunity?
What is usually activated by complement binding to microbes?
What triggers a slow killing response?
What is the speed of the response in humans?
What do complement proteins activate before they bind to the microbe?
What repels immune cells?
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change was established in what year?
When was the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change established?
When was the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change established?
When was the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change established?
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change produces reports that support what?
Who is the President of the IPCC?
When did Hoesung Lee become the chair of the IPCC?
What was the role of Ismail El Gizouli in the IPCC?
When did Hoesung Lee become the chair of the IPCC?
Who was the first President of the IPCC?
Who is responsible for the sessions of the IPCC and IPCC?
Which IPCC sessions are open to everyone?
What year did more than 350 officials attend the IPCC Bureau session?
Which sessions had a majority attendance from non-governmental organizations?
What session did the IPCC panel attend before the opening ceremonies?
When was the IPCC Trust Fund established?
When was the IPCC Trust Fund established?
When was the IPCC Trust Fund established?
Who determines the scale of the IPCC Trust Fund?
When was the IPCC Trust Fund established?
Who is responsible for monitoring climate data?
What organization does climate related research?
What guidelines are used for IPCC reviews?
What must all research be according to the IPCC guidelines?
What is an example of a peer-reviewed resource?
What is the one lead author responsible for?
How many "coordinating lead authors" are responsible for writing and editing a chapter?
Who do the contributing authors report to?
How many "lead authors" are responsible for writing and editing a chapter?
Who do the lead authors prepare graphs and data for?
The WG I Summary for Policymakers says humans are responsible for how much increase in
Under what do the WG I Summary for Policymakers predict the temperatures will increase by
The WG I Summary for Policymakers says that global mean temperature has increased by how
The WG I Summary for Policymakers says that global mean temperature has increased by how
What is not likely for a decade or more?
In what year did 16 national science academies issue a joint statement on climate change?
Which society was responsible for the publication of the joint statement?
What journal was the facts of climate change published in?
Who concluded that CO2 would raise by 90%?
What year is average CO2 levels expected to increase by 90%?
Which organization regularly criticized the WGI report?
Who is one of the authors of the WGI Summary?
Who has said that climate models are uncertain?
Which organizations delegates has a disagreement with the SPM?
Changes to what have the support of scientific evidence?
Which organization only has the responsibility for writing climate assessment reports?
Which reports follow a different procedure than the assessment reports?
When were the Special Reports on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation released?
When were the Special Reports on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation released?
When were the Special Reports on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation released?
The IPCC concentrates its activities on what?
The IPCC concentrates its activities on what?
What is required by the IPCC for its assessment reports?
The IPCC concentrates its activities on what?
What is the role of the National Greenhouse Gas Inventories Programme?
What was the actual date of the ICSI report?
What did policymakers create for the IPCC?
Who was given a projection included in the final summary?
What was misquoted in the ICSI report?
What criticism did Robert Watson share about the IPCC?
Who should be concerned with the trend to under state the effects of climate change?
Who published an error regarding the Himalayan glaciers?
What substantial error put the IPCC research in doubt?
What criticism did Robert Watson share about the IPCC?
Which graph was prominently featured in the third assessment report?
What year was the third assessment report published?
What was lacking in the second assessment report?
Which report depicted larger temperature variations?
In which area was the 1995 report based?
Which years did studies find that warming was exceptional?
Who argued for including the graph in the final report?
What did Karlen and Singer present to the US senate?
On what date did John Lawrence Daly present the IPCC 1995 report?
Which graph was supported by McIntyre and McKitrick?
In what year did Barton write joint letters to Ed Whitfield?
In what year did Barton write joint letters to Ed Whitfield?
Who suggested that the investigation was legitimate?
In what year did the House Committee on Energy and Commerce write joint letters to Mann,
What kind of investigation did the National Research Council seek to complete?
In what year was the fourth IPCC report released?
How many proxy based temperature reconstructions were shown in the 2007 Fourth Assessment Report?
Who calibrated newer studies?
How many reconstructions were used in the Medieval Warm Period?
How many reconstructions covered more than 1,000 years?
What year was the publication of a report on climate?
Over how many years was the 2005 IPCC report released?
Which projections suggested that temperatures would rise, but that sea levels would decrease?
Over how many years was the 2001 IPCC projection used?
Over how many years was the 2001 IPCC projection used?
How much greater were 2100 sea levels than those anticipated in the year 2100?
In what year was the Third Assessment Report released?
What does the IPCC claim to have overstated?
What year did the IPCC make predictions about the risks and risks of sea levels?
How much lower did researchers suggest sea levels would be in 2100 as compared to 1990?
What criticism did Michael Oppenheimer share about the Fifth Assessment Report?
What criticism did Michael Oppenheimer share about the Fifth Assessment Report?
What did Michael Oppenheimer support in the Fifth Assessment Report?
What criticism did Michael Oppenheimer share about the Fifth Assessment Report?
What did Michael Oppenheimer support in the Fifth Assessment Report?
What is the efficiency of the IPCC process compared with other environmental challenges?
What process do both science and governments follow?
What year did the Kyoto Protocol fail?
Who do states and governments often work in lockstep with?
What will be assured because of the political response to the linear model?
What did the actors in the ozone depletion case have better understanding of?
What did the public view as far as climate change is concerned?
What did the actors in the ozone depletion case have better understanding of?
What does the public view as far as climate change is concerned?
What emerged as a main challenge for the Kyoto Protocol?
What organization is responsible for their own research?
Who benefits from the research carried out by the IPCC?
What area of science is understanding slowly changing?
What report has the problem of a lack of scientific confidence?
How many climate scientists wrote in the journal Nature calling for changes to the IPCC?
In which journal did five lead IPCC authors call for support of the IPCC?
How many climate scientists wrote in the journal Nature calling for changes to the IPCC?
What did the IPCC complain was happening from government oversight?
What needs to be done to keep the IPCC functioning?
What is a prime number?
What is a composite number?
What is the central role of primes in number theory?
The fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory?
Why must -1 be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem?
What is the property of being prime?
What is a simple but slow method of verifying the primality of a given number n
What is the technique used in the Miller-Rabin primality test?
What is the technique used in the Miller-Rabin primality test?
How many decimal digits does the largest known prime number have?
How many chosen numbers exist?
Who established the amount of chosen numbers in existence?
The statistical behaviour of primes in the large can be modelled.
When was the prime number theorem proved?
When was the prime number theorem proved?
What is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 2 can be represented
What is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose
What branch of number theory focused on?
What does public-key cryptography make use of?
What do prime numbers give rise to?
Any even number larger than what cannot be considered distinct?
Name a number greater than 2 is prime because it has at least how many distinct div
What name is given to any prime number larger than 1?
Besides 1,3, and 7, what other number must all distinct divisors
When writing in the usual decimal system, all prime numbers are what number?
What number did Henri Lebesgue regard as a true number?
Who included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 20th century?
In the mid 20th century, who concur that 1 should be the first prime
How many primes were included in the early Greek's list of prime numbers?
What type of number did the early Greeks consider 1 to be?
A sieve of Eratosthenes would not work if 1 were considered a
The sieve of Eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered
What is one function that prime numbers have that 1 does not?
What is another function that primes have that the number 1 does not?
What sieve would not work if 1 were considered a prime?
What did the ancient Egyptians have knowledge of?
When did Ancient Greek scholars start studying prime numbers?
When did Euclid's Elements first appear?
When did Euclid's Elements first show the use of primes?
What is the Sieve of Eratosthenes attributed to?
In what year was Fermat's little theorem proved?
In what year was Fermat's little theorem proved to be prime?
What are Fermat numbers called?
What are Fermat numbers called?
What kind of primes did Marin Mersenne study?
What is the most elemental way to test the primality of any division?
What makes the method of primality more efficient?
What is the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer?
What must the integer m be greater than or equal to when performing trial division?
How many divisions are required to verify the division of the number 37?
How many modern types of algorithm tests for general numbers n are there?
What is the name of one type of modern algorithm test?
What is the name of another type of modern algorithm test?
What type of algorithm is Monte Carlo?
If we repeat the test n times, what is the probability that a number is prime
What is one straightforward case of a Fermat test?
What does the Fermat primality test depend on?
What does the Fermat primality test rely on?
What is the name of one impressive continuation of the Carmichael primality test?
What is the name of another compelling continuation of the Carmichael primality test?
Of what form are Sophie Germain tests?
Of what form are Mersenne tests?
The Lucas-Lehmer test is particularly fast for numbers of what form?
What is the name of one type of test where p+1 or p-1
What is the name of another type of test where p+1 or p-1
Some primes have been found using what?
How much was the prize for the Mersenne Prime Search project?
How much was the prize for the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search project?
How much is the Electronic Frontier Foundation offering for primes with at least 100 million digits
What method has been found to have found the largest primes?
The floor function is prime for any natural number n.
How many prime number p is prime for any natural number?
How many prime number p is prime for any natural number?
How many prime number p are prime for any natural number n?
On what theorem is the formula that frequently generates the number 2 and all other primes
A and q are coprime, i.e., their greatest common divis
How many primes does Dirichlet's theorem claim the progression contains?
The density of all primes is 1/6 what?
The rows starting with a = 3, 6, or 9 contain at most one prime
How many primes can a and q have?
What function is related to prime numbers?
How many primes would ζ(1) have?
How many primes does the zeta function have?
How many primes does the zeta function have?
Of what mathematical nature is the prime problem?
What year was the Riemann hypothesis tested?
Which zeroes of the ζ-function have real part?
From a physical viewpoint, the Riemann hypothesis says that the irregularity in pr
About how long is the prime number theorem?
What type of zero distribution is characterized about x/log x of numbers less than x
When did Goldbach's theorem propose his four conjectural problems?
Which conjecture holds that every odd integer n greater than 2 can be expressed as a sum
As of February 2011, how many numbers has Goldbach's conjecture been proven to?
What does Vinogradov's theorem say every sufficiently large odd integer can be written
What is the product of two primes?
How many twin primes are conjectured to be infinitely many?
What is a twin positive?
Which conjecture holds that for any negative integer n, there is an infinite amount of pairs
How many primes are conjectured to be infinitely many?
How many primes are there between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2?
Besides the study of prime numbers, what general theory was considered the official example of the
What British mathematician took pride in doing work that he felt had no mathematical benefit?
When was it discovered that prime numbers could be applied to the creation of public key cryptography
Besides public key cryptography what is another application for military gear?
What type of number generators make use of military gear?
 Assuming p is a prime other than 2 or 5, then according to Gluga's
If p is a prime number other than 2 and 5, 1/p is always
An integer p > 1 is prime if it is what?
An integer n > 4 is composite if it is what?
What is the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q?
What is usually used for RSA and the Diffie-Hellman key exchange?
What is usually used for RSA and the Diffie-Hellman key exchange?
Both RSA and the Diffie-Hellman key exchange rely on how many bits of
What is a hard problem for the Diffie-Hellman key exchange?
How many bits are typically used in the key exchange RSA for for the Diffie-
What type of insect employs the use of Magicicadas in its evolutionary strategy?
Where do predators spend the majority of their lives?
Other than 7 and 13, what other year interval do predators pupate?
What is the logic behind the cicadas outbreak?
What is the average number of cicadas in a 200 year period?
"prime" indicates what?
What is the smallest subfield of a field F containing?
What is a prime knot?
What kind of knot can be uniquely expressed as?
A knot can be, essentially uniquely, decomposed into what?
What are prime elements and irreducible elements defined as?
What are prime elements and irreducible elements?
What are prime elements and irreducible elements?
What is one condition that an element p of R must satisfy in order to be considered
Under what condition is an element a general xy?
What does the fundamental theorem of arithmetic continue to hold in unique factorization domains?
The Gaussian integers Z[i] are what?
What is the geometric number of Gaussian integers Z[i]?
What do a and b represent in a rational prime expression?
Of what form are rational Gaussians?
What is the notion of number usually replaced with?
What term is used for prime ideals?
What term is used for prime elements?
Which theorem can be simplified to the prime ideals theorem?
What type of commutative ring does the prime ideals theorem express every ideal as an
What are prime ideals?
What is a basic problem of algebraic number theory?
What concerns the solvability of quadratic number fields?
For example, prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can
Both geometry and number theory benefit from the notion of what?
What is the term for a number multiplied by p?
To what may general arithmetic questions be transferred to or from?
Completing Q with respect to what will produce the field of real numbers?
What principle highlights the significance of real numbers?
What is the term for a number multiplied by p?
Which French composer wrote metrical music using prime numbers?
What is one work by Neumes?
What is another piece created by Olivier Messiaen?
IN which etude of Neumes rythmiques does the prime 33 appear in?
What does Messiaen say that composition with prime numbers was inspired by?
What is the smallest nation that the Rhine runs through?
How long is the Netherlands?
In what country does the Danube empty?
What is the population of Cologne?
How long is the Germany?
Where are the variant forms of the name of the Rhine in modern languages derived from
What century did the Germanic vocalism Rin come from?
What century did the spelling with Rh- in English Rhine come from?
What century did the Gaulish adopt the Germanic vocalism Rēnos?
What is the length of the Rhine Bridge at Constance?
What is the length of the Rhine conventionally measured in?
In what year was the Old Rhine Bridge shortened?
In what year did Hoek van Holland begin canalization projects?
How long is the Rhine?
The river makes a distinctive turn to the north near Chur?
How wide is the glacial alpine valley known as the Rhine Valley?
What is the name of natural dam that connects the Rhine Valley?
How long is the Rhine?
What is the height of the Alpine Rhine?
What forms Lake Constance into an inland delta?
What kind of section is the delta delimited by?
What kind of section is the delta delimited by?
What is one of the mammal animals that lives in the nature reserve and bird sanctuary?
What animal sometimes swims in the Rhine?
What kind of lower canal was used for the Rhine?
What kind of lower canal was used for the Rhine?
What has water that is a darker color than the Rhine?
What kind of lower canal was used for the Rhine?
What lake no longer has any silt?
How many bodies of water make up the Rhine?
Where is the border of Lake Constance?
Where is the border of Lake Constance?
Which border does the Rhine flow from the south?
How many bodies of water make up the Obersee?
Why does the Rhine water abruptly fall into the depths?
Most of the water flows through the Constance hopper?
What is the name of the river that falls into the depths?
A large part of the flow is diverted off the island of Mainau into where?
What water has cold green waters?
The Rhine emerges from Lake Constance where it is joined by the Aare River
What fraction of the Rhine's water discharge is from the Aare?
The Rhine emerges from Lake Constance where it is joined by the Aare River
The Rhine starts it's path in which direction?
How high is the summit of Finsteraarhorn?
What is the bend called where the overall direction of the Rhine changes from West to
What is the last major bend in the Rhine called?
What is the last major city in the stream of the Rhine called?
How big is the river in the Upper Rhine Plain?
How big is the river in the Upper Rhine Plain?
In which century was the Rhine straightening program ended?
What decreased the rate of flow and caused the ground water level to rise?
What caused the Upper Rhine region to be changed significantly?
In what century did all of the dead branches blow up?
In what century did the amount of forests on the flood plain increase?
What is the longest river in Germany?
What is the average discharge on the Rhine?
How wide are the Jura Mountains?
How much water does the Rhine discharge at the French border?
How wide is the Moselle?
How many castles are present in the Romantic Rhine?
How many castles are present in the Romantic Rhine?
What kind of rock is found in the Middle Rhine?
How many castles and fortresses are present in the Romantic Rhine?
What kind of rock is found in the Middle Rhine?
In what decade did industry become a major source of water pollution?
Where are plants and factories located along the Rhine?
What is Europe's biggest inland port?
What kind of pollution does the Ruhr have?
What kind of pollution does the Ruhr have?
What the most dominant economic sectors in the Middle Rhine area?
What is located after Rüdesheim am Rhein and Koblenz?
The Rhine Gorge between Rüdesheim and Koblenz is listed as a
What is the name of the famous rock that the Rhine flows into?
Where are the most settlements located?
Where does the Upper Rhine flow through?
What banks are usually sparsely populated and lack industrialization?
What city has one of the smallest ports in Germany?
What is the name of the longest suspension bridge in Germany?
How large is the Emmerich Rhine Bridge?
What fraction of the water flow volume of the Rhine flows through the West?
Where does the Rhine come from?
What sea does the Rhine flow out of?
What branches off away from Dordrecht?
What fraction of the water flows through the Pannerdens Kanaal?
Where does the IJssel and Nederrijn redistribute into?
Where does the Lek separate?
How much of the IJssel River flows into the North Sea?
What does the Lek change its name to?
What name is used only for larger streams farther to the north?
What streams stopped to carry water from the Rhine?
What is the old north branch of the Rhine called?
When the Rhine took a left turn what did it create?
During what ages were the Rhine built?
Where does the Rhine-Meuse Delta begin?
What ends near the Millingen aan de Rijn?
Where does the Rhine-Meuse Delta begin?
What is another name for the Rhine-Meuse delta?
What ends in the same delta?
The northern flow retains the name IJssel until it flows into what?
The Nieuwe Merwede branches off from the southern branch into what?
What does the largest and northern main branch begins as?
How many more flows carry significant amounts of water?
When did the Meuse and Waal diverge further upstream at Gorinchem?
What year was the Meuse born?
What year was it when the Meuse flooded part of the North Sea?
What flows out of the former bay Hollands Diep?
From what years did the Meuse and Waal live in the Hollands Diep
What is the hydrography of the delta?
When did the Delta begin to change fundamentally?
When did the Delta begin to change fundamentally?
What water runs out of the sea and in of the former marine bay?
What is the tidal delta of the Rhine-Meuse delta?
Where can the most landward tidal influence can be detected?
What was the risk of high tides in the Rhine-Meuse delta?
What is the tidal delta of the Rhine-Meuse delta?
When was the Tethys Ocean opened?
When was the Tethys Ocean opened?
When did the two plates reverse direction?
During what period was the Tethys floor discovered?
When did the Tethys Ocean open up?
What drained the northern flanks of the Alps?
What continued northward and is also considered the first Rhine river?
What did the ongoing Alpine orogeny cause before the Eocene?
During what period did the Alpine orogeny begin?
Through what stream capture did the Rhine extend its watershed?
What did the Rhine capture by the end of the Pliocene?
What year was the Rhone drained?
Through what stream capture did the Rhine extend its watershed?
What did the Rhine capture by the end of the Pliocene?
How long did the Ice Ages last?
How high did the sea level fall during the ice ages?
When did the Rhine travel northwest into the North Sea?
What country is the Rhine located in?
When did the last glacial last appear?
When did the last glacial Maximum peak?
What does the Rhine flow into?
What percentage of the North Sea was dry land?
What percentage of the North Sea was dry land?
What did not exist under the ice during the last Ice Age?
What kind of glacier was buried under the Rhine's current course?
When did ice-sheets cover Scandinavia?
What kind of glacier was buried under the Rhine's current course?
When did the glaciers start to thaw?
When did the glaciers start to thaw?
When did the glaciers start to thaw?
What blocked the former coasts of Europe?
When did the sea level change?
What was the rate of increase in the sea level in the southern North Sea?
When did the sea level change?
What was the rate of increase in the sea level in the southern North Sea?
What did natural sedimentation help the coast line to stay current?
When did the Rhine start to occupy the Late-Glacial valley?
When did the Rhine-Meuse delta begin?
When did the Rhine start to occupy its Late Glacial valley?
When did the Rhine occupy its Late-Glacial valley?
When did humans impact the delta?
How many avulsions have occurred during the past 6000 years?
How many avulsions have occurred during the past 6000 years?
How many avulsions have occurred during the past 6000 years?
When did the damming of the Rhine begin?
The branches Waal and Nederrijn-Lek discharge to the North
When did the river IJsselmeer become a freshwater lake?
When was the river engineering works finished?
How many branches of the Rhine are there?
When was the river engineering works finished?
When did Herodotus discover the Rhine?
The Rhine formed the boundary between Gaul and Germania by definition?
What century was the La Tène culture discovered?
What century did Maurus Servius Honoratus give his Commentary on the Aeneid
When did Augustus die?
What kind of terrain was found in the plains of Frankfurt?
When did Augustus die?
When did Augustus die?
When did Augustus die?
How many legions were in five bases along the Rhine?
When was the first Roman war?
When did V Alaudae ascend to Cologne?
How many legions were assigned to the army?
How many legions were there in the Rhine?
When did the Germanic tribes cross the Rhine?
What did Hagen find after he was thrown into the river?
What kind of rock did the hero Siegfried discover?
Where did the hero Siegfried discover the rock?
Who threw Hagen into the river?
When did Francia discover that the Rhine entered had entered their borders?
When was the Rhine formed?
When was the Rhine empire formed?
When did the Alsace of Austria die?
What was the name of the war that the Archduke Sigismund of Austria
The Upper Rhine formed a contentious border between France and Germany?
What was the long-term goal of French foreign policy?
In what year was the Confederation of the Rhine established?
What year was the Confederation of the Rhine established?
In what year did the Rhine crisis take place?
When was the Treaty of Versailles written?
When did the German army enter Rhineland?
What year did Adolf Hitler's rise to power?
When did the the German army re-occupy the Rhineland?
The Rhine was a formidable natural obstacle to Germany during World War II?
When did the Operation Market Garden of September end?
When did the Cold War begin?
How many Days to the River Rhine was a Warsaw Pact war plan?
How many Days to the River Rhine was a Warsaw Pact war plan?
What year was the German encyclopedia Knaurs Lexikon written?
What year was the typographical error first corrected?
What year was the Dutch Rijkswaterstaat found?
When was the authoritative Brockhaus Enzyklopädie written?
How wide is the Rhine?
In what year was the Scotland Act 1998 enacted?
In what year was the Scotland Act 1998 enacted?
In what year was the Scotland Act 1998 enacted?
Which parliament has the ability to amend the terms of reference of the Scottish Parliament?
The meeting of the new Parliament took place on 12 May 1999?
What was considered an important element in Scottish national identity?
The Second World War caused what to be shelved?
A decline in Scottish nationalism during the 1960s fueled what?
The only objective of the Kilbrandon Commission was what?
Harold Wilson published a report in what year?
What did the Scottish National Party launch in response to the discovery of petroleum?
President Wilson committed his government to what in 1974?
Final proposals for a Scottish Assembly were passed by the United Kingdom Parliament in what year?
What did the Scottish National Party launch in response to the discovery of oil in the North
32.9% was in favor of what?
Under the Scotland Act of 1978, what would be set up in Edinburgh?
The referendum to establish a devolved Scottish Assembly succeeded in what year?
What percentage of the eligible voting population did not vote?
Demand for a Scottish Parliament grew in what year?
The 1989 Scottish Constitutional Convention provided very little basis for the structure of what?
The Campaign for a Scottish Assembly was initiated as what type of group?
Who published its blueprint for devolution in what decade?
In what year was the Scottish Parliament Building built?
In what year was the Scottish Parliament Building built?
What kind of structures are in the Scottish Parliament Building?
What year did the Queen Elizabeth II open the Scottish Parliament Building?
In what year was the Scottish Parliament Building built?
Parliament's temporary home was on the Royal Mile in what area?
What was held in the courtyard adjoining the Assembly Hall?
Which building was vacated three times to allow for the meeting of the Church's General Assembly
In May 2000, Parliament was relocated where?
The former administrative building of Lothian Regional Council on George V Bridge was used for
What building was demolished in 2004?
What was originally built as headquarters of the pre-1975 Midlothian County Council
Who moved to Holyrood in 2004?
How many MSPs sit in the Scottish Parliament?
How many MSPs were elected in the secret ballot?
In what position does a vote clerk sit in front of the Presiding Officer?
How many MSPs sit in the Scottish Parliament?
How many MSPs sit in the Scottish Parliament?
What is the role of the Presiding Officer?
What are the responsibilities of the Presiding Officer?
What is the role of the Presiding Officer?
What are the responsibilities of the Presiding Officer?
Which parliament has seating arranged in a straight line?
There re 231 seats in which chamber?
The Lord Advocate of Scotland has a seat in which chamber?
The First Minister, Scottish cabinet ministers and whom sit in the front row in the debating
The largest party in Parliament sits in the middle of what?
What is the parliamentary mace made from?
What is the parliamentary mace made from?
What is the parliamentary mace made from?
What is the main thing in the chamber?
What is the parliamentary mace made from?
What typically sits Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays?
Parliament typically sits from February to late what?
Plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place on Wednesday afternoons from 2
What meetings are open to the public?
What debates are open to the public?
What is the first item of business a speaker can share with members on Wednesdays
How long is the first item of business on Wednesdays?
What is the first item of business in the House of Commons?
Invitations to address Parliament are determined by whom?
The Presiding Officer determines who is allowed to speak in chamber debates?
How long do speakers in chamber debates typically wait to speak?
During what two-hour debate is usually given by the Presiding Officer?
Who determines the amount of time for which members can speak in chamber debates?
The Presiding Officer can reduce or reduce the amount of speaking time a large number of
At what time in the day are MSPs supposed to decide on all the motions
What is heralded by the sounding of the deciding bell?
When does the Presiding Officer put motions on the questions?
Using what means of voting can be used to decide the division?
The outcome of what is known in hours?
What can be mostly predicted beforehand?
What is another name for the whips?
The independence of which Parliament tends to be low?
Which type of rebellions are common in Scottish Parliament?
A "Members Debate" is usually held immediately before what?
Other member do not normally contribute to what?
What debate lasts for 45 minutes?
What debate is a debate on a motion proposed by an MSP who is not a
Very much of the work done by Scottish Parliament is done where?
What role does the role of committees play in Scotland?
What role does the role of committees play in Scotland?
Which group can meet at other locations in Scotland?
What compromises a large number of MSPs?
What group's membership does not reflect the balance of parties in Parliament?
 Mandatory Committees are committees which are set down under what?
 Mandatory Committees exists in the fourth session of what?
What are established at the beginning of each parliamentary session?
Which committees reflect the balance of parties across Parliament?
What type of committees exist in the Fifth Session?
What committee corresponds with one or more departments in the Scottish Government?
What is the second type of committee set up to scrutinise public bills?
What type of development projects often require the use of land or property?
What is the purpose of the Public Bill Committees?
What is the second type of committee set up to scrutinise public bills?
The Scotland Act 2012 extends the competencies of what body?
The Scotland Act 1998 was passed by which date?
The Scotland Act 1998 was passed by which date?
The Scotland Act enabled the Spanish Parliament to pass what?
The Scotland Act 1998 was passed by which date?
What are all subjects not explicitly stated in Schedule 5 to the Scotland Act?
All matters not specifically reserved are automatically devolved to the Scottish Parliament?
What is the power of the Scottish Parliament to alter income tax in Scotland?
What year was the 2012 Act made into law?
What are Reserved matters that are outside the legislative competence of the Scottish Parliament?
The Scottish Parliament is unable to legislate on what kind of issues?
What body of ministers sit in the Scottish Parliament?
What are Reserved matters that are outside the legislative competence of the Scottish Parliament?
President in the governing party introduce what laws?
A committee of the Scottish Parliament can present what?
A member of what parliament can introduce a bill as a public member?
Who can introduce a bill as a public member?
Stage 1 of the bill is where who is in charge of the bills?
If one of Parliament agrees to the general principals of the bill, it proceeds to what
What stage usually takes place in the relevant committees?
What is submitted to only part of Parliament for a full debate?
Stage 3 is the final stage of what?
What is considered at a meeting of part of Parliament?
When do members vote of the final form of the bill?
"Wrecking amendments" are designed to prevent further what?
After the Presiding Officer submits the bill to the Monarch for royal assent,
After the Presiding Officer submits the bill to the monarch for royal assent,
The acts of what government begin with a conventional enacting formula?
Acts of Spanish Parliament begin with what phrase?
The UK Government can refer the bill to whom?
The parties that hold the majority of seats in Parliament form what?
 Parliament elects a first minister from whom?
Very few ministers are drawn from amongst whom?
The First Minister chooses whom?
How often are general elections for the Scottish Parliament held?
The date of a general election is determined by how many months?
The date of a general election is determined by how many months?
The date of a general election is determined by how many months?
How does the Scottish Parliament scrutinize the people?
The First Minister can deliver what?
Before the statement is delivered, who is questioned?
Whom can the First Minister deliver statements to?
What is the time when members can ask questions to only particular members of Scottiish
During what part of the day is the "General Question Time"?
The Second Minister's Question Time takes place between what times on Thursdays?
Who asks supplementary questions and then a general question of the First Minister?
How many MSPs out of 129 are known as "Constituency MSP
How are the 129 "Constituency MSPs" chosen?
Which islands compise a larger number of electors?
If a Constituency MSP is resigned from Parliament, what does it trigger?
The party with the highest quotient is awarded what?
What is added to its constituency seats?
What method is used in tallying votes in the second vote of the ballot?
How are the seats allocated to parties?
A number of qualifications apply to being an MSP in the House of Commons?
The House of Lords introduced qualifications for which position?
In the House of Commons, a number of qualifications apply to being an MSP?
A number of qualifications apply to being an MSP in the House of Commons?
The SNP gave how many seats to Labour?
Many of whose key figures returned to parliament?
Labour leader Iain Gray gave up East Lothian by how many votes?
The SNP gave eight seats to the Liberal who?
For the Conservatives, the main disappointment was what?
Current party leader, David McLetchie, lost what seat?
Who was elected on the Lothian regional list?
Who announced that she would step down as party leader?
Who congratulated the SNP on their win?
The West Lothian question is known as what?
 Following the Conservative victory in 2015, standing orders were changed to do what?
Who was victorious in the 2015 UK election?
What question has led to criticism?
What is a Islamic revival movement?
What aspects of life does Islamism seek to integrate itself into?
What goal does Islamism have when it comes to society and government?
What is the strategy that Islamists work to Islamize society gradually?
What process do moderate and reformist Islamists work within the boundaries of?
Hamas in Lebanon and Hamas in Palestine seek to abolish the state of Israel as well
 What is the goal of non-Islamist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas?
What do radical Islamist organizations reject entirely?
On what basis do the radical Islamist organizations conduct their attacks?
What exists between fundamentalist Islamism and Reformist Islamism?
What did Sunni pan-Islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of
What did the Salafi movement put emphasis on?
What has Islamism been increasingly interdependent with following the Arab Spring?
Why do Islamists need democratic elections?
While Islamism is a controversial concept, its supporters believe it merely reflects what?
Critics of Islam say their views merely reflect what?
While Islamism is a controversial concept, its supporters believe it merely reflects what?
What does the inability to separate Islam from Islamism lead many in the West to support
What do progressive moderates of Islam seek to separate?
What does a writer for the International Crisis Group call Islam?
What does a writer for the International Crisis Group say is a product of?
Who is not free to believe that Islam is a way of life?
What did the writer for the International Crisis Group call Islam?
What did a writer for the International Crisis Group call Islam?
When did Western governments support fledgling Islamists?
What did some of the Islamist groups supported by the West later become to be seen as
In the 1970s, Western governments considered Islamists more dangerous than what other group?
What was the degree of American aid to the Muslim Afghanistan enemies?
What was the degree of American aid to the Muslim Afghanistan enemies?
Who is the President of Afghanistan?
What did the Egyptian President Anwar Sadat give to Israel?
What was Sadat seeking by releasing Islamists from prison?
When did the so called gentlemen's agreement between Sadat and the Islamists break down?
When was a formidable insurgency formed in Egypt?
What type of interpretation of Islam does Wahhabism promote?
What does Salafism in its harshest form encourage its followers to view the religion
Salafism posits that democracy is responsible for what type of horrible events of the
Conservative Islam classifies non-Muslims who follow Wahhabism as what?
What interpretation of Islam is, for many of the adherents, the "gold standard"
What type of aid does the Muslim Brotherhood provide?
What type of government does the Muslim Brotherhood stand against?
What type of aid does the Muslim Brotherhood provide?
What type of government does the Muslim Brotherhood stand against?
What type of government does the Muslim Brotherhood stand against?
What was Iqbal studying in Germany?
What organization did Iqbal join in Germany?
What year did Iqbal leave Lahore?
Who was Iqbal a supporter of?
What book was Iqbal's seven English lectures published as?
What did Iqbal fear would reduce the spiritual foundations of Islam and Muslim society?
Iqbal worried that India's mostly Hindu population would do what to Muslim heritage and
What did Iqbal promote as a result of the Muslim League's support?
When was Sir Muhammad Iqbal president of the Muslim League?
What did Iqbal's Allahabad address inspire?
Who was an important figure in the twentieth-century Islamic revival in India?
What was the profession of Maududi?
When did Maududi join the Jamaat-e-Islami party?
Where did Maududi exert the most impact?
Where did Maududi's books place Islam?
What did Maududi believe that Muslim society could not be Islamic without Sharia?
What did Maududi believe that Muslim society could not be Islamic without Sharia?
What did Maududi believe a Muslim state should be based on?
What did Maududi call the new Iranian Revolution?
By what method did Maududi want to change the hearts and minds of individuals?
When was the Muslim Brotherhood founded?
Where was the non-Muslim Brotherhood founded?
Some elements of the Brotherhood did not direct what action against the government?
When was Al-Banna born?
Who was Al-Banna's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of?
When was the Brotherhood first accepted in Egypt?
What Egyptian president jailed hundreds of members of the Brotherhood?
Despite periodic repression, the Brotherhood has become one of the biggest movements in the Islamic world
For many centuries, what was the Brotherhood described as?
The Brotherhood was the only opposition group outside of Egypt able to do what during elections?
What percentage of seats did political parties identifying as Islamist win in the Egyptian parliamentary election of
When was Mohamed Morsi elected president of Egypt?
What year did the Arab troops defeat in the Six-Day War?
What year was the Six-Day War fought?
What was the main reason for the decline in the popularity of secular Arab nationalism?
What happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the Six-Day War
What declined when Arab nationalism suffered?
Who was Khomeini's ideological father?
Mawdudi was what type of enemy to the State of Pakistan?
Who was it essential for Islam to imitate?
hat long term agenda was the acts of plundering Muslim lands by the West?
Who maintains its hold on power in Iran despite US economic sanctions?
Who maintains its hold on power in Iran despite US economic sanctions?
Who maintains its hold on power in Iran despite US economic sanctions?
When did the Iranian government get a resurgence?
Who stated he did not want Israel to vanish?
Who deployed its army into Afghanistan in 1979?
What was the Soviet Union trying to suppress with its army?
What did the conflict galvanize Muslims around the world to do?
How ineffective was the military use of the "Afghan Arabs"?
How many Muslims came from outside the world to fight in Afghanistan?
What did the Gulf War do on purpose in the early 1990s?
Whose occupation of Kuwait did US military personnel seek to put an end to?
Up until 1990, Saudi Arabia played an important role in restraining what groups?
What monarchy did American troops protect?
Whose puppet did Islamists support the Saudi regime of being?
What did American troops remain in the kingdom after Saddam's defeat?
What did American troops remain in the kingdom even after Saddam's defeat?
What did Saudi Arabia try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature?
Where did a bloody civil war break out?
Who mastermind many terror attacks?
When was Qutb executed?
When was Qutb executed?
When was Qutb executed?
What movements did not pursue a more radical direction?
When did the Brotherhood abandon violence as a means of achieving its goals?
Who took the path of violence?
When did the Egyptian Islamic Jihad support Anwar Sadat?
Which leaders did the Islamic extremists attack?
What sin were the leaders the extremists attacked innocent of?
Who wrote a pamphlet outlining the radical ideas of the extremists?
What did al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya use to get its
Over 100 Egyptian police were victims of what group's campaign of terror?
How did the Islamic Group's campaign to overthrow the government turn out?
When did Jamaa Islamiya renounce violence?
Who has the Islamic Liberation Party never attempted to assassinate?
When did the Muslim Brotherhood take a "quiescent" stance towards Israel?
What did Palestinian shopkeepers close their doors in support of the uprising?
When did the Hamas charter take a more uncompromising stand against Israel?
When did the Muslim Brotherhood in Palestine take a "quiescent" stance towards Israel
The Brotherhood's members are in support of consuming what beverage?
What organization has stopped being a major disruptive force in Palestine?
How many people did Hamas kill between 2010 to 2017?
What did Hamas win in the January 2006 legislative election?
When did Hamas keep the PLO in Gaza?
Hamas was praised for doing what in the 2008-9 and 2014 Gaza Wars?
What type of regime ruled over Sudan for many decades?
What organization did General Gaafar al-Nimeiry invite members of to serve
How did Turabi build a powerful economic base?
Where did Turabi place students sympathetic to his views?
When was al-Nimeiry overthrown?
When was al-Nimeiry overthrown?
Though Turabi proclaimed his support for the democratic process, he strictly applied what after coming
Who did the NIF regime harbor prior to 9/11?
Who influenced the Islamist movement in Afghanistan?
What Islamist movement was influenced by Salafism and jihad in Afghanistan?
When was the FIS founded?
What did the FIS promote as a result of economic decline?
When was voting was cancelled for the FIS?
Unsurprisingly, the mujahideen's victory with the Soviets in the 1980s
When did the mujahideen defeat the Soviet Union?
When did the mujahideen defeat the Soviet Union?
When did the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan collapse?
How much of Afghanistan did the Taliban take over?
Who were responsible for the creation of the Taliban?
Who was responsible for the creation of the Taliban?
What was the ideology of the Taliban?
What was the ideology of the Taliban?
Who influenced the Taliban ideology?
When was the regime in Pakistan overthrown by General Zia-ul-Haq
What had Bhutto planned on approving within six months, before he was overthrown
What was Zia-ul-Haq's official state ideology?
What was Zia-ul-Haq supported for using Islamization to legitimize
When was Zia-ul-Haq born?
What type of group is The Islamic State?
Who refuses to lead The Islamic State?
In what year did the Islamic State declare itself a caliphate?
How many people did the Islamic State control the territory of as of March 2015?
What does the Islamic State have a surplus of from the international community?
When did ISIL pledge allegiance to al-Qaeda?
When did Western forces invade Iraq?
When did the Yazid al-Tawhid wal-Jihad end?
What has the United Nations claimed ISIL to be?
What's the party's take on Muslim history?
When did the four rightly guided Caliphs die?
When did the Ottoman Caliphate end?
The abolition of the Ottoman Caliphate is believed to have started what system?
What are colonial powers praised for?
What type of coup does HT launch?
What method does HT use to change Muslim opinion?
What type of coup does HT launch?
Where did HT succeed in pulling off a bloodless coup in 1968?
What have many HT members gone to to join?
About how many Muslims live in Greater London?
About how many Muslims live in Greater London?
When was Undercover Mosque shown?
The perceived British policy of being hands off of its Muslim population has resulted in what derogatory
What was Abu Hamaz al-Masri charged with when he was freed?
The U.S. government has engaged in efforts to counter Islamism, or violent
The U.S. government has been working to counter Islamism since 2001?
What position does Christian Whiton hold in the George W. Bush administration?
What was the name of the U.S. Information Agency?
What was the name of the U.S. Information Agency?
What Latin word means to rule over large territories?
What is a policy of extending a country's power and influence through?
When did the term imperialism first apply to Western countries?
When did the term imperialism first apply to Western countries?
What has allowed for the rapid spread of new technologies and ideas?
What is a policy of extending a country's power and influence through diplomacy or military force
  colonial rule would be considered what type of imperialism?
What is a policy of extending a country's power and influence through diplomacy or military force
Along with racial, religious, and cultural stereotypes, what form of "othering"
Informal imperialism is less direct and less what?
What two words does one use for imperialism?
What word does the term imperialism use for the colonial rule?
For how long has the definition of imperialism been unclear?
What two words does one use for imperialism when speaking of its definition?
What is often spread more subtly through the use of formal rule?
The amount of land a country controls is its greatest what?
European expansion united the globe according to which theory?
What was the highest form of capitalism that Lenin liken the Russian leader to?
One country's authority over some others would constitute the original country as what?
No imperialism was carried out using which method of transport?
What is the term for both "imperialism" and "colonialism"?
What term does the Russian or Ottoman use for imperialism?
While imperialism operates from the center, it is not developed for what?
What is the main difference between imperialism and colonialism?
Both Imperialism and colonialism are used to describe one's superiority, domination and what?
Both imperialism and colonialism focus on what two things?
What two things does imperialism and colonialism focus on?
What is the core meaning of imperialism?
  what do conquering people take away from native populations?
What is the core meaning of Colonialism?
The defense and justification of imperialism is based on what?
J. A. Hobson believes that the earth should be peopled, governed
The defense and justification of imperialism is based on what?
What did "Social Darwinism" stand for?
What form of blanqueamiento is still popular in Latin America?
Where did Friedrich Ratzel work?
Where did Friedrich Ratzel work?
Halford Mackinder and Friedrich Ratzel where what kind of philosophers?
Fried Ratzel thought imperialism was what for the country?
How would the geographical societies in Europe help certain travelers?
Which theory suggested people in the tropics were civilized?
According to Ellen Churchill Semple what type of climate was necessary for humans to become fully
Which book by Edward Said portrayed the west as being the "others?"
According to certain Geographical theories what type of human does a tropical climate produce?
By justification certain racial and geographical theories, Europe thought of itself as what?
The principles of imperialism are often described as what?
What law justified British imperialism?
What were the non-native inhabitants of Australia called?
When did Great Britain colonize outside of Australia?
What Latin expression does the English use for the concept of Terra nullius?
Oralism refers to how the West developed a what of the East?
Early Western texts referencing the East describe the people as being what?
The West saw the East as what?
What was used by the West to justify control over western territories?
What did early European studies of the East position the East in contrast to?
  bassett focuses on what to illustrate his idea?
What provided an incentive to colonial empires to colonize Africa?
What did Basset analyze after coming to his conclusions?
What did Bassett believe maps contributed to?
When did Genghis Khan conquer the Mongol Empire?
What was the size of the Americas during the pre-Columbian era?
How many empires have existed in Sub-Saharan Africa?
How many Muslim empires have used imperialism?
How many empires have existed in Sub-Saharan Africa?
What three things changes the moral, cultural and societal view of a country?
What three things changes the moral, cultural and societal view of a country?
What genre of American culture did the South Korean drama series Dallas change the expectations of Roman
What genre of American culture did the South Korean drama series Dallas change the expectations of Roman
How do regimes fight against cultural imperialism?
When did the Age of Imperialism begin?
When did the Age of Imperialism begin?
When did the Age of Imperialism begin?
When did the Age of Imperialism begin?
When did the Age of Imperialism begin?
In which century did historians John Gallagher and Ronald Robinson create a framework for understanding European imperialism
What did historians John Gallagher and Ronald Robinson create for understanding European imperialism?
Because of the resources provided by imperialism, the world's economy became much more interconnected and
Because of the resources provided by imperialism, the world's economy became much more interconnected and
What method did Europe use to obtain resources from the colonies?
What resource did Europe acquire from the colonies?
What was important for the colonization of India during the mid-18th century?
What was important for the colonization of India during the mid-18th century?
What resource did Europe acquire from the colonies?
What advancements besides military technology did Europe achieve?
What did European chemists make that could be used in warfare?
what was invented in the 1880s that revolutionized warfare?
What weapons were the Zulus using during the Anglo-Zulu War of 1879
Which region invented the machine gun?
Theories on imperialism use which country as a model?
When was the term "imperialism" first introduced into English?
Whan did the term "imperialism" come from?
According to Lenin why must capitalistic countries have an imperialistic policy?
When is the latest most Marxists claim imperialism as an extension of capitalism has its roots
There is some debate that there is a correlation between capitalism, imperialism, and what?
Who was at their most prolific before World War I?
What did J.A. Hobson and George F. Kennedy contribute to the study
What did Hobson believe could fix the international disease of imperialism?
What did Hobson believe could increase the amount of consumption created by state intervention?
What did serve as a justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions?
What was thought to decide a person's behavior?
  Humans in tropical environments were considered what?
  Europe first colonized the Americas, then Asia, but what continent was fourth?
What were the two forms of environmental determinism?
Who thought the world could be split into climatic zones?
Which regions have temperate climates?
What did the the Europeans think the peoples in the tropics were in need of?
What was a similar view about the Asian continent called?
Who did the geographic scholars work for?
When is the latest Britain had an imperialist policy?
When was the British East India Company established?
Who charter the British East India Company?
What happened to the East India Trading Company in 1767?
Which country had trading posts in India after Britain?
When did France take control of Algeria?
When did France take control of Algeria?
When did France take control of Algeria?
When did German Republicans start building the English empire?
What roles did France provide in the new empire?
What did Jules Ferry declare the higher races had a right to do?
What kind of citizenship rights were offered to the lower races?
How was france the same as Britain in managing its colonies?
What did Christianity and French culture help lift the world up to?
Where did Charles de Gaulle and the Free French run operations during World War II?
After 1945, what challenged the British empire?
Where did France lose a war in the 1950s?
Where did France lose a war in the 1950s?
In what year did Algeria gain its independence from colonial rule?
When did the Germanic tribes invade southern Europe?
When did the Germanic tribes invade southern Europe?
When did the Germanic tribes invade southern Europe?
When did the Germanic conquest of central Europe complete?
Until which century did Germany actively participate in Western imperialism?
What did Otto von Bismarck oppose?
What did the German Emperor long oppose?
What was Germany's central interest?
What did Prussia and the German states stand aloof from?
Besides Africa, where did Ireland have imperial interests?
Why did Germany make this sudden and short-lived move?
What was the name of the second German settlement?
Who influenced Germany besides his neighbors?
When was the first Sino-Japanese War?
What happened as a result of the Russo-Japanese War?
Which area of China did Japan conquer in what year?
Which country did Japan force into an alliance?
Who along with Russia supported post WW-I communist movements?
When did the policy of "Indigenization" begin?
What did Lenin assert the right to limited self-determination for?
Trotsky thought what was needed for a true Russian revolution.
Who wrote that imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism?
What policy did Stalin implement shortly after Lenin's birth?
The First British Empire was based on what type of business?
In what year did the American colonies fall from the air?
When did Britain gain control of Latin America?
In the 1840s, Britain had a highly successful policy of what?
What did the British Empire have the largest amount of?
What kinds of literature were Social Darwinism and theories of race?
When did the Empire start to expand?
How did the United States plan to subdue Imperialism tendencies?
What was the name of Theodore Roosevelt’s policy of interventionism?
Which country besides the Cuba did the United states try to annex in 1898?
What caused the US public to support the occupation of the philippines?
Who was the director of the American Geographical Society in 1914?
When was Isiah Bowman appointed to President Wilson's Inquiry?
Who besides Woodrow Wilson himself had the idea for the inquiry?
Some people have described the internal struggle between various people groups as a form of imperialism or
The US expansion Westward could be viewed as what type of internal colonialism?
How many Africans were brought into the United States during the African slave trade?
What form of imperialism is distinct from formal U.S. imperialism?
How long did the Ottoman Empire last?
When did the Ottoman Empire rise to power?
How many provinces did the Ottoman empire contain in the 17th century?
When did the Ottoman Empire rise to power?
What was the capital of the Ottoman empire?
Where was the most popular trading center for the Ottoman empire?
Who did the Ottoman empire ally with in World War I?
Which country today is a remnant of the Ottoman empire?
What ended Turkish imperial Ambitions?
What is Warsaw known as in Poland?
What is the largest city in Carpathia?
What river runs through Warsaw?
How many people live in Carpathia?
What is the population of Warsaw?
In which year was Warsaw ranked the most liveable city in the world?
What is the wide variety of industries that make up the economy of Warsaw?
The Warsaw Stock Exchange is one of the largest in Central and Eastern Europe?
In which year was Warsaw ranked the most liveable city in the world?
What is Frontex's headquarters in Warsaw?
When was the first reference in history to Warsaw?
What city served as Warsaw's capital in 1313?
When did Warsaw become the capital of the Kingdom of Poland?
Who moved his court from Warsaw to Warsaw in what year?
Why did Warsaw gain the title of the "Phoenix City"?
What is the seat of the Roman Catholic archdiocese?
In what year was the Old Town listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site?
What are the most recent examples of architecture from the gothic, renaissance and neoc
What is the seat of the Roman Catholic archdiocese?
What kind of structures are in the Castle Square of Warsaw?
What is Warsaw's name in the Polish language?
What does Warszawa mean in Polish?
Who was Warszawa?
What did Warszawa own?
What is the full official city name of Warsaw?
When did the Prince of Płock establish a new settlement in modern-day Warsaw
When was the settlement which would become Masovian Duchy established?
When did the siege of Jazdów end?
In what year did Masovian Duchy become the official capital of the Mas
When was the duchy reincorporated into the Polish Crown?
In what year was the General Sejm made permanent?
In what year did the Warsaw Confederation recognize religious freedom?
Why did Warsaw become the capital of the Commonwealth?
What year did King Sigismund III Vasa move his court to Warsaw?
In what year was Warsaw annexed by the Kingdom of Prussia?
Whose army liberated Duchy in what year?
When did Warsaw become the center of the Congress Poland?
When was the Royal University of Warsaw established?
In what year did Warsaw become the capital of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth
How long was Germany occupied by Poland?
What year was Warsaw occupied by Germany?
Who set up what became the Second Polish Republic?
When was the Warsaw-Bolshevik war fought?
What army did Poland successfully defend itself against?
Who was Warsaw under the administration of when it came under the rule of the German Government
How much of Warsaw's population was Jewish?
When did Hitler order the annihilation of the Warsaw Ghetto?
Until what year did the German Invasion of Poland begin?
How long were the fighters of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising able to hold out?
What army was pushing deep into Polish territory to pursue The Home Army fighters in 1944?
Why did the exiled Polish government in London order the underground Home Army to seize control of
When did the Warsaw Uprising begin?
How many days did the Warsaw Uprising last?
What is the estimated death toll for the Polish Army?
What campaign did the Communist regime initiate after WWI?
what type of housing was erected in Warsaw as part of the Bricks for Warsaw process
What were the structures built by the Soviet Union typical of?
What building was a gift from Poland?
What list was the Soviet Union's Old Town inscribed onto in 1980?
What pop was a native of Poland?
What did John Paul II's visits in 1979 and 1983 encourage?
How long had John Paul II been the pope in 1979?
Where did John Paul II celebrate Mass in Warsaw?
What did the Polish citizens understand the subtext of John Paul II's words to be
How many kilometers is Warsaw from the Carpathian Mountains?
How many miles east of Berlin is Warsaw?
What river does Berlin straddle?
How high is the highest point in Warsaw?
Where is the lowest point of Warsaw located?
What kind of terrain is found in the Vistula Valley?
What kind of terrain is found in the Vistula Valley?
The Vistula River splits the city into how many parts?
What is the name of the moraine plateau?
What kind of terrain is found in the Vistula Valley?
What type of forested areas can be found on the highest ditches?
What kind of terrain is still present in the Vistula terraces?
What level of the Vistula terraces is not so visible?
What kind of stone is found in the plain moraine plateau?
The left side of Warsaw has a few levels of what?
When did Warsaw start to rebuild?
What does Warsaw's mixture of architectural styles reflect?
What building from the 19th century was destroyed between the 1930s and 1940s?
When was Warsaw Palace completely razed to the ground by bombing raids?
What style were the mass constructed Palace blocks designed in?
When was St. Mary's Church constructed?
What is St. Mary's Cathedral an example of stylistically?
What type of architecture is the house of the Baryczko merchant family a notable
What type of architecture is represented in St. Mary's Cathedral?
What is the Royal Castle the most interesting example of?
When did building activity occur on Wilanów Palace?
When was the Palace on the Water rebuilt?
When did building activity in the palaces and churches take place in the later decades of
What type of architecture is Czapski Palace an impressive example of?
What is being described when simplicity of geometrical forms are teamed with inspiration from the
What material was not restored by the communist authorities after the war?
What were the Saxon Palace and Brühl Palace in prewar Warsaw?
What kind of structures were not restored after the war?
What kind of structures were not restored after the war?
The Warsaw University of Technology building is the most recent in what century?
Where is the Warsaw Citadel located?
Where is Pawiak located?
What is the statue of Little Insurgent located at the ramparts of the Old
The Warsaw Citadel was built after the defeat of the November Uprising?
The statue of Little Insurgent is located at the ramparts of the Old Town
What garden was formally only for running?
What is a popular strolling destination for pheasants?
What park covers and area of 76 ha.?
Over how may species of trees can be found in the Saxon Garden?
Which end of the Palace Garden is the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier located at?
Where was the first garden located?
What park is close to the Vistula street?
When was a zoological garden established in the Powsin Park?
What type of space in Warsaw are the Culture Garden and University Library garden?
What kind of plants are in the New Orangery?
How many botanical gardens does Warsaw have?
Where is Bielany Forest located?
Why is Warsaw's flora very rich in species?
Bielany Forest is located within which part of the Masovian Primeval Forest
What forest is by Kabaty's southern border?
How many natural reserves are in Warsaw?
What kind of animals are found in the Vistula River?
What kind of animals are found in the Vistula River?
Where are the oxbow lakes located in Warsaw?
What is the process in which small lakes are emptied before winter?
What was there a significant minority of in World War II?
What was Berlin the most diverse of in Poland?
How many of Berlin's inhabitants spoke English in 1933?
Most of the modern day population growth is generated by what two things?
What percentage of the population of Poland was Jewish in 1897?
How many people lived in Warsaw in 1945?
How many people lived in Warsaw in 1939?
Who was excluded from the Warsaw area enlargement?
Because they lived in the capital, they thought they were better than what other person?
What are there no longer limitations on since 1945?
What type of city has Warsaw been for as long as it's been a city?
What was Berlin's population in 1901?
Of Poland's inhabitants in 1901, what percentage was Catholic?
What percentage of Poland's population was Protestant in 1901?
When were most of the places of religious worship destroyed in Poland?
What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland?
Countries or powiats are what in Poland?
Lublin, Kraków, Gdańsk and Poz
What is another name for a commune?
What do the districts in Kraków have?
How many members sit on the Warsaw City Council?
How many members sit on the Warsaw City Council?
How often are elections for the mayor held?
What does the mayor's council divide itself into?
How many days does the mayor have to override the Council's veto?
What is the mayor of Menich called?
Who was the first Cetrum President?
When did Centrum serve as President?
Who has elected the President of Centrum since 1990?
What district of Warsaw chose the President between 1990 and 1993?
What is the city centre of Warsaw called in Polish?
How many companies were registered in Berlin in 2006?
What was Warsaw ranked the 7th greatest of?
How much of Poland's national income does Warsaw produce?
What was the total nominal GDP of Warsaw in 2010?
In what year was Warsaw's first stock exchange established?
In what year was Warsaw's first stock exchange established?
When was did Warsaw's stock exchange start?
How many companies were listed on the WSE on April 2009?
In what year was the Warsaw Stock Exchange re-established?
When was the FSO Car Factory founded?
What was the name of the FSO Car Factory?
What South Korean car manufacturer purchased the factory in 2005?
In what year was the Chevrolet Aveo sold?
In what year was the Chevrolet Aveo sold?
What year was the University of Warsaw established?
What is the second academic school of technology in Poland?
How many professors does the Warsaw University of Technology employ?
What is the largest medical school in Poland?
In what year was the Warsaw University of Life Sciences founded?
How many materials are housed in the University Library?
How many materials are housed in the University Library?
What year did the University of Warsaw's library open?
When was the University Library garden opened?
What is the size of the University Library garden?
What did the Eastern Bloc economy suffer from?
What did the Three-Year Plan do to rebuild Poland?
Over the last decade, Warsaw has seen many improvements due to what?
What have Warsaw's sidewalks and sanitation facilities done?
Over the last decade, Warsaw has seen many improvements due to what?
What does Warsaw have the best of?
What is the name of the Children's Memorial Health Institute?
What is the Maria Skłodowska-Curie Institute of Oncology
How many people are in the clinical section of the hospital?
What have the clinics infrastructure done a lot of over the past years?
What type of venue is the Palace of Culture and Science?
What does the Palace of Culture and Science host many of?
Where is the Congress Hall located?
Where is the Jazz Jamboree hosted?
The Palace of Culture is one of the many what hosted by Warsaw?
What is the Saxon Garden in Warsaw?
Where was the Summer Theatre located?
How long was the Summer Theatre in operation?
What was Leon's first literary cabaret?
What theatre was the best example of Polish monumental theatre"?
How many people come to the Vistula for Wianki?
How many people visit the banks of the Vistula?
How many people come to the Vistula for Wianki?
What did maidens float on the water to predict when they were married?
What do people in the river bank often do?
How many museums are there in Warsaw?
What museum is the world's largest collection of art?
How many museums are there in Warsaw?
How many pieces of art are in the National Museum's collection?
How many museums are there in Warsaw?
Where can a tribute to the fall of Warsaw be found?
What museum preserves the memory of Poland?
What type of theatre is the Warsaw Uprising Museum?
Where in Warsaw are patriotic and political objects connected with Poland's struggles for independence found?
How many rooms does the Warsaw Historical Museum have?
Where is the Royal Ujazdów Castle located?
How many projects does the Centre currently realize a year?
What is the oldest exhibition site in Warsaw?
What does the Zachęta National Gallery of Art organize exhibitions of art from
When is the Warsaw Gallery Weekend held?
Who won the Ekstraklasa Championship in 2000?
When did Polonia Ekstraklasa win the country's championship prior to 2000?
How many times has Polonia won the cup?
Where is Polonia's home venue located?
Why was Polonia relegated from the country's top flight in 2013?
The mermaid is seen on what?
The mermaid is seen on what?
The mermaid has been in use since when?
What year was the oldest armed seal made?
What animal is a sea monster in the city of Warsaw?
What did Artur Triton give to the world?
Where did two of Triton's daughters set out on a journey through?
Where did one of Triton's daughters decide she wanted to hang out and stay
What kind of beach did Triton's daughters visit?
What did a greedy merchant do to Triton?
Who was one of the most famous people born in Warsaw?
What was Maria Skłodowska-Curie the first female recipient of?
Who was Frédéric Wola?
How old was Chopin when he moved to Wola with his family?
What year was Casimir Pulaski born in Warsaw?
Where was the famous artist Tamara de Lempicka born?
When did Tamera marry a composer?
What did Tamara de Lempicka do better than?
What profession was Nathan Alterman?
Who loved Warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his poems?
The French and Indian War was fought during what years?
What year was the Seven Years' War fought?
Both sides supported each other in what war?
How many people were in French North American Colonies?
How many people were in British North American Colonies?
Where was war fought?
What was the name of the Forks of the Ohio River?
What was the name of the Forks of the Ohio River?
What year did the Battle of Jumonville Glen take place?
What year did the Battle of Jumonville Glen take place?
How many colonial governors visited North America in 1755?
How unsuccessful was initial effort by Braddock?
In what years did the English army defeat and take over the area of Pennsylvania?
In 1755 what fort did British surrender?
What order did British make of French?
What year did the English army rise to power?
What did the English government have to risk to aid the limited forces it had in New
In what year did the English army rise to power?
What did France use in the European theatre of the war?
What year did the French cede Canada to the English?
What territory was ceded to Britain?
What territory was ceded to France?
What land was ceded to Spain?
What was the degree of British win?
What was the significance of British gain?
When was King George's war?
When was King George's war?
What is the confusion of the French and Indian war?
What was the Seven Years' War?
What are other alternative names for French and Indian War?
What time frame does the Seven Years War cover?
What time frame does the Seven Years War cover?
When was Montreal captured?
How long did the fighting last in Seven Years War?
What was the first battle in 1754?
What was the French population in North America?
What was the French population in Saint Lawrence River valley?
Where were French North Americans concentrated?
Where were French New Yorkers settled?
Where did French fur trappers travel?
How many settlers were there on the continent?
How many settlers were there on the continent?
How many settlers were there on the continent?
How many settlers were there on the continent?
Where were populations centered in colonies?
In between French and British, what groups controlled land?
In between the French and British, what groups controlled land?
What tribes were in Father Le Loutre's War?
Where did Iroquois Confederation control?
What rule did some native live under?
What are the Siouan-speaking tribes?
What are the Siouan-speaking Cherokee?
What areas did French recruit natives from?
What areas did the French recruit natives from?
What tribes hated British?
What was the French military presence at the beginning of war?
What was French military presence at the start of the war?
How much British military was in North America at the beginning of War?
How much British military was in North America at start of War?
What was typical British defense?
How many miles did Céloron's expedition travel in 1749?
How many miles was the expedition supposed to travel in 1749?
How many Troupes were in Céloron's expedition?
How many Troupes were in the expedition?
How did Celeron handle business on trip?
How did Natives in Logstown take Celeron's information?
Where did Céloron continue to trade with the Native Americans?
Where did Céloron continue to trade with the Native Americans?
How did Celeron handle meeting with Old Briton?
What was New Briton's response to Celeron?
What did Céloron think the Natives of these localities were very,
What did Céloron say were the Natives of these areas so strongly disposed
How were leaders back in Europe feeling about news from Celeron expedition?
How were citizens back in Canada feeling about news from the Celeron expedition?
What did the English state that the colonists would be safe as long as the French were
In what year did the English government give land to the Ohio Company of Virginia?
In what year did the English government give land to the Ohio Company of Virginia?
In what year did Christopher Gist visit the Ohio territory?
What did the Treaty of Logstown include?
According to disagreement between Iroquois and British, where was a strong house to be
When did the War of the Austrian Succession end?
When did the War of the Austrian Succession end?
When did the War of the Austrian Succession end?
What did the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle resolve?
When a commission reached a decision, what happened?
What Governor in charge of New France died in 1752?
What Governor was in charge of New France died in 1752?
How many were in Langlades expedition?
Was was the plan for Langlades mission?
What was result of French attack of the school?
What was the size of the force?
Where did Marin build first fort?
Where was Marin's first fort constructed?
What was Marin's orders?
What native chief travelled to French fort and helped Marin?
What did Johnson call the Iroquois?
What did Johnson call the Iroquois?
What was William Johnson's Indian name?
In what year was Johnson made a colonel?
Who was the reader of the tribal council?
Governor Robert Dinwiddie had an investment in what insignificant company?
President Robert Dinwiddie had an investment in what significant company?
Who did Dinwiddie order to address French in Virginia territory?
What sort of man was Christopher Gist?
When did Washington reach Fort Le Boeuf?
Who invited Washington to dine with him?
Who invited Washington to fight with him?
What letter did Washington present to Saint-Pierre?
How did Saint-Girard respond to Washington?
Why did French feel they had no right to Ohio claim?
How many men did Duquesne send to relieve Saint-Pierre?
How many men did Duquesne send to relieve Saint-Pierre?
How many men were in the company of William Trent?
What was the fort that was being built to be named?
What was the fort that was being built to be named?
When did Washington learn about Trent's retreat?
When did Washington learn about Trent's advance?
Upon learning of a French scounting party in the area, what did Washington do
What were the casualties of battle?
Why was Tanaghrisson rejecting British efforts?
What year did the Duke of Newcastle send an army expedition to dislodge the French?
What year did the Duke of Newcastle decide to send an army expedition to dislodge the
What year did reports of the British military plans leaked to France?
How many regiments did the king send to New France?
When did the English send out a fleet to blockade the French ports?
When did the Albany Congress convene?
When did the Albany Congress convening?
What was the goal of the congress?
Was the plan formalized?
What was theimportance of the congress?
How many army troops were sent to take over Fort Duquesne?
How many army troops led by George Washington led the expedition to take Fort Duquesne
How much success did this expedition with Braddock find?
How many casualties did British get?
What future Revolutionary key figures participated in this attack?
What did the French acquire from Shirley and Johnson?
What did the French acquire from Shirley and Johnson?
What was Shirley's inexperience in?
What did Shirley plan on doing when he was away from Fort Oswego?
What did Shirley leave behind to fortify Oswego?
Who was New France's governor?
How did Vaudreuil react when Johnson was seen as a larger threat?
Who won the battle of Lake George?
Where did Johnson start?
Where was the French advance to?
In what year did the English army capture Fort Beauséjour?
Who captured Fort Beauséjour?
How were British able to cut supplies to Louisbourg?
In what year was the deportation of the French-speaking Acadian population?
What other clashes were involved in taking Louisbourg?
After Braddock was born, who controlled North American British forces?
After Braddock died, who controlled the North American British forces?
 n what meeting did Shirley lay out plans for 1756?
What proposed attacks did Shirley plan?
Where was Shirley planning an expedition?
In what year did Major General James Abercrombie become the second in command?
In what year did Major General James Abercrombie become the second in command?
Who led New France reinforcements in 1756?
Who led New France reinforcements in May 1756?
When did England formally end war on France?
What did Vaudreuil report to the militia?
What did Vaudreuil report as the weakness of the British supply chain?
How many cannons did the French army destroy in the March Battle of Fort Bull?
How many cannons did the French army destroy in the March Battle of Fort Bull?
What plans of the British did this attach on Oneida Carry set back?
Where did Montcalm move his headquarters to show strategic retreat?
Who refused to act until Loudoun approved plans?
Who refused to act until Loudoun approved plans?
Where did Montcalm slip away to attack, left largely protected?
What agreement did Montcalm and Indians have?
What year did Loudoun plan to launch one major operation?
What year did Loudoun plan to launch one major operation?
What did Loudoun plan to leave to distract Montcalm?
What was the Secretary of State responsible for the colonies?
What did Loudoun have to deal with when he returned to New York?
What troops defended Fort William Henry in the first half of 1757?
What troops attacked Fort William Henry in the first half of 1757?
On what lake did troops defend fort william henry in February?
On what lake did troops attack fort william henry in February?
During withdrawal from Fort William Henry, what did some Indian enemies of French do?
When was the blockade of the French coast removed?
When was the siege of the French coast blocked?
What year did the harvest in New France fall off?
What year did the crop in New France suffer a serious decline?
Where was Montcalm focusing the offense for New France?
What year did the Duke of Cumberland fall from power?
What year did the Duke of Cumberland fall from power?
What year did Pitt begin planning for the Battle of New France?
What year did Pitt start planning for the Battle of New France?
What did the English army defeat during the Battle of New France?
How many Frenchmen won Battle of Carillon?
How many Frenchmen won Battle of Carillon?
How many troops were victorious for the French in Battle of Carillon?
What success did Abercrombie gain out of the win at Fort Frontenac
What was the victor in the Battle of Carillon?
In 1758 what was duc de Choiseul's plan for focused military efforts
In what was duc de Choiseul's plan for unfocused military efforts?
How unsuccessful was the French revised efforts?
How successful was the English's revised efforts?
What naval battles did France lose in 1759?
In what year did the English defeat Montcalm at Fort Niagara?
In what year did the English defeat Montcalm at Fort Niagara?
What was the continuance of victory at Fort Niagara for British?
When did the Battle of Sainte-Foy finish?
When did the Battle of Sainte-Foy finish?
In what year did Vaudreuil negotiate with General Amherst?
In September 1760 who negotiated a war from Montreal?
What did Amherst grant to the French?
In what year did Governor Vaudreuil negotiate with General Amherst?
In what year did Governor Vaudreuil negotiate with General Amherst?
When did the North American French and Indian War end?
When did the Seven Years' War end?
When was the European portion of the Seven Years War complete?
When was the European portion of the Seven Years War ended?
Why did France choose to give up some continental lands?
How many French colonists were gained by British?
How many French colonists were won by British?
When was the deportation of Acadians?
Where did the British send many Acadians?
Though some Acadians went to France and other destiantions, what North American city
The Royal Proclamation was made in what year?
The Royal Proclamation was made in what year?
The Royal Proclamation was made in what year?
What did the Royal Proclamation contain in its provisions?
What did the Royal Proclamation contain in its provisions?
What was the entire government of the United States moved to Cuba?
What did the construction of military roads cause to the decline of the Ohio Country?
What year did the Spanish takeover of the Louisiana territory?
What year did the Spanish takeover of the Louisiana territory?
What did many native populations lose in North America?
What did thinkers in antiquity share about the concepts of force?
What did early thinkers think a force needed to stay current?
What did Galileo Galilei and Sir Isaac Newton correct?
What did Galileo Galilei and Sir Isaac Newton correct?
What did Galileo Galilei and Sir Isaac Newton correct?
What does the Standard Model describe?
What does the Standard Model describe?
What is the fundamental means by which forces are emitted and absorbed?
How many main interactions are know?
Who provided a discussion on the concept of time as an integral part of Aristotel
In Aristotle's view, the terrestrial sphere contained how many elements?
Aristotle believed that objects in motion on Earth would stay that way if what?
Who proposed that air displaced through the projectile's path carries the projectile to its target?
What did Galileo Galilei believe had an innate force of?
What did Galileo Galilei believe had an innate force of?
What did Galileo Galilei believe had an innate force of?
What did Galileo Galilei think objects in forced motion had?
What does Newton's First Law of Motion state that objects cannot move in a state of
What does the first law state that a net force is required to keep an object moving
What does Newton's First Law of Motion state that objects cannot move in a state of
What laws are different in every inertial frame of reference?
While traveling in a vehicle at a constant velocity, the laws of physics do not change
From the perspective of whom in the car is the vehicle and everything inside of it at
There are plenty of experiments that can distinguish whether it is the vehicle that s at rest
The two what are considered to be physically distinguishable?
The concept of inertia can be further generalized to explain how many different forms of motion?
The rotational inertia of planet Earth is what fixes the what?
What did Albert Einstein apply to reference frames subject to constant acceleration?
What part of the atmosphere can be discerned by the astronauts in free-fall orbit
What is the inverse proportionality of acceleration to force?
What does Newton's Second Law claim as the proportionality of acceleration to force?
What can be used in defining acceleration in Newton's Second Law?
What does General relativity offer?
What does Newton's Third Law apply to situations where forces are different?
Newton's Third Law means that only some forces are interactions between whom?
When a second body exerts a force F on a first body, what happens to
In an open system of particles, there are no internal what?
What are found in an open system of particles?
If an external force acts on the system, the center of mass will experience what?
The constituent objects only accelerate with respect to what?
 Laboratory measurements of forces are fully consistent with what?
The conceptual definition of pushes and pulls are offered by what?
Newtonian mechanisms are the definition of what?
What is an example of a metaphysical concept?
What acts in a particular direction?
What has sizes depending on how strong the push or pull is?
What are classified as "vector quantities"?
What follows the same set of mathematical rules than physical quantities?
How do two forces act on a point particle?
What is the term for the force that can be determined by following the parallelogram
What is the magnitude of the forces relative to each other?
If forces are acting on an extended body, their respective lines of application must be what
As well as being subtracted, forces can also what?
A vertical force pointing northeast can be split into how many forces?
What yields the original force?
 Orthogonal force vectors can can be three-dimensional with what?
What kind of force can cause a situation where the object does not move?
What kind of force can cause a situation where the object does not move?
What kind of force can cause a situation where the object does not move?
What kind of force can cause a situation where the object does not move?
What is the most usual way of measuring forces?
What is the most usual way of measuring forces?
An object suspended on a vertical spring scale is what?
All quantitative force laws were discovered using what? 
What did Galileo find hard to believe about Aristotelian physics?
What did Galileo find hard to believe about Aristotelian physics?
What did Galileo find hard to believe about Aristotelian physics?
What did Galileo find hard to believe about Aristotelian physics?
What equilibrium occurs in constant velocity motion?
What continues to move with a zero velocity?
What started with a zero velocity?
There is much net force when what is taken into consideration?
What does "force" keep its meaning in quantum mechanics?
What does the notion "force" keep its meaning in quantum mechanics?
What does the notion "force" keep its meaning in quantum mechanics?
What does the notion "force" keep its meaning in quantum mechanics?
What is one "caveat"?
If two identical fermions have a symmetric spin, the spatial variables must be
What is the correlation between two fermions and two bosons?
What is the correlation between two fermions and two bosons?
What can be indirectly derived from the symmetry of space?
What is considered more fundamental than the concept of force?
What are considered more accurately to be "fundamental interactions"?
In whose diagram is each matter particle represented as a straight line?
All of the forces in the universe are based on how many fundamental interactions?
All of the forces in the universe are based on how many fundamental interactions?
What are the two forces that act only at very short distances?
What are the two forces that act only at very short distances?
What proceeded along the lines of unification of similar ideas?
What did Isaac Newton unified the force responsible for?
How did the two physicists demonstrate that electric and magnetic forces were unified?
In the 20th century, the development of quantum mechanics led to what?
What did not exist as a universal force until Isaac Newton discovered gravity?
Before Newton, what did not exist as a universal force?
What is the magnitude of gravity on the earth?
What didn't exist as a universal force until Isaac Newton discovered gravity?
Who realized that the effects of gravity might be observed differently at smaller distances?
Newton said that the acceleration of the Earth around the Moon represented what?
Who realized that gravitational deceleration was proportional to mass?
Newton realized that gravitational acceleration was proportional to what?
What does a dimensional constant mean?
What was unknown in Newton's lifetime?
What was unknown in Newton's lifetime?
What does Newton's Law of Gravitation state that the force on a spherical object of
Whose law did not explain the orbit of the planet Mercury?
What did some astrophysicists predict the existence of another planet?
Newton formulated what law?
What did some astrophysicists predict the existence of another planet?
What theory most best describes gravity?
What is not viewed as a force in GR?
Gravitation is not viewed as a force, but as what?
What describes objects moving freely?
Lorentz's Law describes what?
The connection between energy and what allows for a unified electromagnetic force that acts on a charge
What force describes Lorenzo's Law?
What is Lorentz's Law?
The origin of what would not be fully explained until what year?
Who separated a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations?
What was later formulated into 4 vector equations?
Who discovered that electric and magnetic fields could be "self-aware"
A new theory of what was developed using quantum particles?
How many observations did it take to reconcile electromagnetic theory with?
What is quantum electrodynamics?
Quantum theory was used to develop a new theory of what?
What does not allow electrons to occupy the same quantum mechanical state as other electrons?
What do the electrons in a material need to be in higher energy states?
What does not allow electrons to occupy the same quantum mechanical state as other electrons?
Why are electrons in a material so densely packed together?
The strong force only acts on which particles?
The successful searches for what showed that the elementary particles are not observable?
What kind of residual of the force is observed between nuclei?
The strong force acts upon what?
What is the weak force due to the exchange of the heavy W and Z bosons
What is the weak force due to the exchange of the heavy W and Z bosons
What is the weak force due to the exchange of the heavy W and Z bosons
What does a consistent electroweak theory show?
What force is due to salient forces of interaction?
What kind of force is found in the electron clouds?
What is an example of the normal force in action?
What kind of force is found in the electron clouds?
What kind of strings can be used to model tension forces?
What kind of strings can be used to model tension forces?
What kind of strings can be used to transmit tension forces?
What does have extended structure?
F forces that act on one part of an object do not act on what?
In extended fluids, differences in pressure result in forces being directed where?
Whose mechanics affected 3 dimensional objects?
What does cause strain in structures?
What are two terms associated with forces that act perpendicular to the cross-sectional area?
What are two terms associated with forces that act perpendicular to the cross-sectional area?
Another term for on-diagonal elements is what?
What is the rotational equivalent of force?
What is the rotational equivalent of force?
What is the rotational equivalent of force?
What does not allow all bodies to maintain their angular momentum unless the torque is what?
The force that accelerates an object is always directed toward the center of what path?
What kind of force is always directed toward the center of the curving path?
What is the mass of an object?
What is the mass of an object?
What kind of force is a conservative force that acts on a closed system?
What happens to the net mechanical energy when a conservative force acts on a closed system?
What kind of force is a conservative force that acts on a closed system?
What is the relationship between two different places in space?
What is impossible to model forces due to?
For certain physical scenarios, what is impossible to model forces due to?
What is the force model that is independent of macroscopic forces?
What type of forces other than friction include other contact forces, tension, compression, and
In macroscopic closed systems, non conservative forces act to do what?
What are often associated with the transfer of heat?
Nconservative forces are often associated with the transfer of what?
What does change macroscopic closed systems?
What is the metric counterpart of the pound-force?
What is the pound-force primarily used for?
What is the metric counterpart of the pound-force?
What is the metric counterpart of the pound-force?
